
(a case of) dog eat dog	a	case	of	dog	eat	dog
(a) blaze of sth	a	blaze	of
(a) brave new world	a	brave	new	world
(a) catch-22	a	catch22
(a) denial of sth	a	denial	of
(a) fat chance (of sth/doing sth)	a	fat	chance	of	doing
(all) by herself	all	by	herself
(all) by himself	all	by	himself
(all) by itself	all	by	itself
(all) by myself	all	by	myself
(all) by oneself	all	by	oneself
(all) by ourselves	all	by	ourselves
(all) by themselves	all	by	themselves
(all) by yourself/yourselves	all	by	yourself	yourselves
(all) by/on your lonesome	all	by	on	your	lonesome
(all) grist to the/sb's mill	all	grist	to	the	sbs	mill
(all) hot and bothered	all	hot	and	bothered
(all) in good time	all	in	good	time
(all) in one piece	all	in	one	piece
(all) of a piece	all	of	a	piece
(all) on your own	all	on	your	own
(all) over again	all	over	again
(all) the more so because…	all	the	more	so	because
(all) the world and his wife	all	the	world	and	his	wife
(all) to herself	all	to	herself
(all) to himself	all	to	himself
(all) to myself	all	to	myself
(all) to oneself	all	to	oneself
(all) to ourselves	all	to	ourselves
(all) to themselves	all	to	themselves
(all) to yourself/yourselves	all	to	yourself	yourselves
(almost) upon you	almost	upon	you
(and) about time (too)	and	about	time	too
(and) not before time	and	not	before	time
(as) a matter of course	as	a	matter	of	course
(as) bald as a coot	as	bald	as	a	coot
(as) blind as a bat	as	blind	as	a	bat
(as) bold as brass	as	bold	as	brass
(as) bright as a button	as	bright	as	a	button
(as) clear as day	as	clear	as	day
(as) clear as mud	as	clear	as	mud
(as) cool as a cucumber	as	cool	as	a	cucumber
(as) dead as a doornail	as	dead	as	a	doornail
(as) dead as a/the dodo	as	dead	as	a	the	dodo
(as) deaf as a post	as	deaf	as	a	post
(as) drunk as a lord	as	drunk	as	a	lord
(as) dull as ditchwater	as	dull	as	ditchwater
(as) fit as a fiddle	as	fit	as	a	fiddle
(as) good as gold	as	good	as	gold
(as) good as new	as	good	as	new
(as) hard as nails	as	hard	as	nails
(as) keen as mustard	as	keen	as	mustard
(as) large as life	as	large	as	life
(as) like as not	as	like	as	not
(as) mad as a hatter/a March hare	as	mad	as	a	hatter	a	March	hare
(as) miserable/ugly as sin	as	miserable	ugly	as	sin
(as) pissed as a newt	as	pissed	as	a	newt
(as) plain as a pikestaff	as	plain	as	a	pikestaff
(as) plain as day	as	plain	as	day
(as) plain as the nose on your face	as	plain	as	the	nose	on	your	face
(as) pleased as Punch	as	pleased	as	Punch
(as) quick as a flash	as	quick	as	a	flash
(as) regular as clockwork	as	regular	as	clockwork
(as) right as rain	as	right	as	rain
(as) safe as houses	as	safe	as	houses
(as) sick as a dog	as	sick	as	a	dog
(as) sick as a parrot	as	sick	as	a	parrot
(as) sound as a bell	as	sound	as	a	bell
(as) steady as a rock	as	steady	as	a	rock
(as) straight as a ramrod	as	straight	as	a	ramrod
(as) sure as eggs is eggs	as	sure	as	eggs	is	eggs
(as) thick as thieves	as	thick	as	thieves
(as) thick as two short planks	as	thick	as	two	short	planks
(as) tough as nails	as	tough	as	nails
(as) tough as old boots	as	tough	as	old	boots
(as) well (to do sth)	as	well	to	do
(as/as if) to the manner born	as	as	if	to	the	manner	born
(at the) bottom/top of the pile	at	the	bottom	top	of	the	pile
(at) any minute (now)	at	any	minute	now
(at) any moment (now)	at	any	moment	now
(at) first hand	at	first	hand
(at) full blast	at	full	blast
(at) full pelt/tilt	at	full	pelt	tilt
(at) full tilt/pelt	at	full	tilt	pelt
(at) second, third, etc. hand	at	second	third	etc	hand
(be in) a tearing hurry/rush	be	in	a	tearing	hurry	rush
(be) at one (with sb/sth)	be	at	one	with
(be) grounded in/on sth	be	grounded	in	on
(be) in evidence	be	in	evidence
(be) made for sb/each other	be	made	for	each	other
(be) on call	be	on	call
(be) on sb's books	be	on	sbs	books
(be) on tenterhooks	be	on	tenterhooks
(be) on the ball	be	on	the	ball
(be) under the impression that…	be	under	the	impression	that
(be) up in arms (about/over sth)	be	up	in	arms	about	over
(be/get called) on the carpet	be	get	called	on	the	carpet
(be/get) in the family way	be	get	in	the	family	way
(be/go) on the prowl	be	go	on	the	prowl
(be/go) on the warpath	be	go	on	the	warpath
(be/hang) in the balance	be	hang	in	the	balance
(be/live) in a world of your own	be	live	in	a	world	of	your	own
(beat sb) black and blue	beat	black	and	blue
(build) castles in the air	build	castles	in	the	air
(buy) a pig in a poke	buy	a	pig	in	a	poke
(catch/throw sb) off balance	catch	throw	off	balance
(caught/stuck) between a rock and a hard place	caught	stuck	between	a	rock	and	a	hard	place
(choose, follow, take, etc.) the line of least resistance	choose	follow	take	etc	the	line	of	least	resistance
(close/near) at hand	close	near	at	hand
(come) hell or high water	come	hell	or	high	water
(come) rain or shine	come	rain	or	shine
(do sb's) dirty work	do	sbs	dirty	work
(do sb) a good turn	do	a	good	turn
(do) you hear (me)?	do	you	hear	me?
(earn/get) straight A's	earn	get	straight	As
(every) now and again/then	every	now	and	again	then
(every) once in a while	every	once	in	a	while
(feel) honour-bound to do sth	feel	honourbound	to	do
(find, etc.) a/the middle way	find	etc	a	the	middle	way
(flat) on your back	flat	on	your	back
(fly) by the seat of your pants	fly	by	the	seat	of	your	pants
(from) … to… inclusive	from		to	inclusive
(from) door to door	from	door	to	door
(from) rags to riches	from	rags	to	riches
(further) along/down the road	further	along	down	the	road
(get down to) brass tacks	get	down	to	brass	tacks
(get, go, etc.) back to nature	get	go	etc	back	to	nature
(get/have sb) over a barrel	get	have	over	a	barrel
(get/have) itchy feet	get	have	itchy	feet
(get/take your) hands off (sth/sb)	get	take	your	hands	off
(give sb) a fair hearing	give	a	fair	hearing
(give sb/get) a fair shake	give	get	a	fair	shake
(give sb/get) a rap on/over/across the knuckles	give	get	a	rap	on	over	across	the	knuckles
(go and) take a running jump	go	and	take	a	running	jump
(go) back to the drawing board	go	back	to	the	drawing	board
(go) down the drain	go	down	the	drain
(go) down the plughole	go	down	the	plughole
(go) fly a/your kite	go	fly	a	your	kite
(Good) Heavens!	Good	Heavens!
(good) Lord!	good	Lord!
(hard/hot) on sb's/sth's heels	hard	hot	on	sbss	heels
(have sth) to your name	have	to	your	name
(have, get, want, etc.) your pound of flesh	have	get	want	etc	your	pound	of	flesh
(have) a life of its own	have	a	life	of	its	own
(have) a lot, nothing, etc. going for you	have	a	lot	nothing	etc	going	for	you
(have) an old head on young shoulders	have	an	old	head	on	young	shoulders
(have) bought it	have	bought	it
(have) something, nothing, etc. to show for sth	have	something	nothing	etc	to	show	for
(he, she, etc. has) been and done sth	he	she	etc	has	been	and	done
(I'll) be seeing you	Ill	be	seeing	you
(in) black and white	in	black	and	white
(in) broad daylight	in	broad	daylight
(in) midstream	in	midstream
(in) single file	in	single	file
(in) the first flush of sth	in	the	first	flush	of
(it's) no/little/small wonder (that)…	its	no	little	small	wonder	that
(it's) now or never	its	now	or	never
(it) does (exactly) what it says on the tin	it	does	exactly	what	it	says	on	the	tin
(it) sounds like a plan to me	it	sounds	like	a	plan	to	me
(jolly) good show!	jolly	good	show!
(just) around/round the corner	just	around	round	the	corner
(just) for love	just	for	love
(just) for once	just	for	once
(just) for the hell of it	just	for	the	hell	of	it
(just) for the love of sth	just	for	the	love	of
(just) for the record	just	for	the	record
(just) in case (…)	just	in	case
(just) one of those things	just	one	of	those	things
(just) you wait	just	you	wait
(keep sth/put sth/be) under lock and key	keep	put	be	under	lock	and	key
(keep your) chin up	keep	your	chin	up
(keep) a stiff upper lip	keep	a	stiff	upper	lip
(like rats) deserting/leaving a sinking ship	like	rats	deserting	leaving	a	sinking	ship
(like) a lamb/lambs to the slaughter	like	a	lamb	lambs	to	the	slaughter
(like) putty in sb's hands	like	putty	in	sbs	hands
(like) water off a duck's back	like	water	off	a	ducks	back
(match sb) stride for stride	match	stride	for	stride
(more than) your fair share of sth	more	than	your	fair	share	of
(not) a bed of roses	not	a	bed	of	roses
(not) at all	not	at	all
(not) cut it	not	cut	it
(not) cut the mustard	not	cut	the	mustard
(not) get a word in edgeways	not	get	a	word	in	edgeways
(not) get/have a look-in	not	get	have	a	lookin
(not) in so/as many words	not	in	so	as	many	words
(not) in your right mind	not	in	your	right	mind
(not) look yourself	not	look	yourself
(not) sb's bag	not	sbs	bag
(not) stand in sb's way	not	stand	in	sbs	way
(nothing but/all/only) skin and bone	nothing	but	all	only	skin	and	bone
(on the one hand…) on the other (hand)…	on	the	one	hand	on	the	other	hand
(on) sale or return	on	sale	or	return
(on) Shanks's pony	on	Shankss	pony
(on) the balance of evidence/probability	on	the	balance	of	evidence	probability
(only) just	only	just
(open) the door to sth	open	the	door	to
(out) on the streets/street	out	on	the	streets	street
(out) on the town	out	on	the	town
(packed, crammed, etc.) like sardines	packed	crammed	etc	like	sardines
(pull, wear, etc.) a long face	pull	wear	etc	a	long	face
(put sth) in a nutshell	put	in	a	nutshell
(put sth) on the line	put	on	the	line
(reach) the end of the line/road	reach	the	end	of	the	line	road
(right) from the word go	right	from	the	word	go
(right) on cue	right	on	cue
(right) up your alley	right	up	your	alley
(right) up your street	right	up	your	street
(slip/be thrown) out of gear	slip	be	thrown	out	of	gear
(stand) at ease	stand	at	ease
(stark) raving mad/bonkers	stark	raving	mad	bonkers
(steer, take, etc.) a middle course	steer	take	etc	a	middle	course
(still) wet behind the ears	still	wet	behind	the	ears
(straight) from the horse's mouth	straight	from	the	horses	mouth
(take to sth) like a duck to water	take	to	like	a	duck	to	water
(that's/it's) always the way	thats	its	always	the	way
(the game is) not worth the candle	the	game	is	not	worth	the	candle
(the) light dawned (on sb)	the	light	dawned	on
(the) next, first, second, etc. time round	the	next	first	second	etc	time	round
(the) same again	the	same	again
(the) same to you	the	same	to	you
(the) shifting sands (of sth)	the	shifting	sands	of
(the) thrills and spills	the	thrills	and	spills
(the) truth will out	the	truth	will	out
(there are) no flies on sb	there	are	no	flies	on
(there are) no two ways about it	there	are	no	two	ways	about	it
(there is) honour among thieves	there	is	honour	among	thieves
(there is) no smoke without fire	there	is	no	smoke	without	fire
(there is) no time like the present	there	is	no	time	like	the	present
(there is) no way	there	is	no	way
(there's) no fool like an old fool	theres	no	fool	like	an	old	fool
(there's) no peace/rest for the wicked	theres	no	peace	rest	for	the	wicked
(there's) nothing to it	theres	nothing	to	it
(throw) a spanner in the works	throw	a	spanner	in	the	works
(tied to) sb's apron strings	tied	to	sbs	apron	strings
(up) to the hilt	up	to	the	hilt
(upon) my word	upon	my	word
(waiting) in the wings	waiting	in	the	wings
(what) with one thing and another	what	with	one	thing	and	another
(with) all/both guns blazing	with	all	both	guns	blazing
(with) arms akimbo	with	arms	akimbo
(you can't) teach an old dog new tricks	you	cant	teach	an	old	dog	new	tricks
(you, etc.) may/might as well be hanged/hung for a sheep as (for) a lamb	you	etc	may	might	as	well	be	hanged	hung	for	a	sheep	as	for	a	lamb
a (damn, etc.) sight better, etc.	a	damn	etc	sight	better	etc
a (damn, etc.) sight too good, etc.	a	damn	etc	sight	too	good	etc
a (new) lease of life	a	new	lease	of	life
a (whole) different/new ball game	a	whole	different	new	ball	game
A and B differ (from each other)	A	and	B	differ	from	each	other
a bad/sticky end	a	bad	sticky	end
a bag/box of tricks	a	bag	box	of	tricks
a big fish (in a small pond)	a	big	fish	in	a	small	pond
a big noise/shot/name	a	big	noise	shot	name
a bird's-eye view (of sth)	a	birdseye	view	of
a bit (of sth)	a	bit	of
a bit of a…	a	bit	of	a
a bite at/of the cherry	a	bite	at	of	the	cherry
a bitter pill (for sb) (to swallow)	a	bitter	pill	for	to	swallow
a blaze of sth	a	blaze	of
a blow-by-blow account, description, etc. (of sth)	a	blowbyblow	account	description	etc	of
a bottomless pit (of sth)	a	bottomless	pit	of
a breath of (fresh) air	a	breath	of	fresh	air
a brick short of a load, two sandwiches short of a picnic, etc.	a	brick	short	of	a	load	two	sandwiches	short	of	a	picnic	etc
a bunch (of sth)	a	bunch	of
a burden (on/to sb)	a	burden	on	to
a byword for sth	a	byword	for
a change for the better/worse	a	change	for	the	better	worse
a chicken-and-egg situation, problem, etc.	a	chickenandegg	situation	problem	etc
a chink in sb's armour	a	chink	in	sbs	armour
a chorus of sth	a	chorus	of
a clean sheet/slate	a	clean	sheet	slate
a close call/shave	a	close	call	shave
a closed book (to sb)	a	closed	book	to
a clutch of sth	a	clutch	of
a cog in the machine/wheel	a	cog	in	the	machine	wheel
a conglomeration (of sth)	a	conglomeration	of
a crock/pot of gold	a	crock	pot	of	gold
a crop of sth	a	crop	of
a crying need (for sth)	a	crying	need	for
a cut above sb/sth	a	cut	above
a dash (for sth)	a	dash	for
a day, moment, pound, etc. or two	a	day	moment	pound	etc	or	two
a deposit (on sth)	a	deposit	on
a devil of a job/time	a	devil	of	a	job	time
a diet of sth	a	diet	of
A differ s from B	A	differ	s	from	B
a disgrace (to sb/sth)	a	disgrace	to
a dog's breakfast/dinner	a	dogs	breakfast	dinner
a drag on sb/sth	a	drag	on
a drain on sb/sth	a	drain	on
a far cry from sth	a	far	cry	from
a fat lot of good, use, etc.	a	fat	lot	of	good	use	etc
a figment of sb's imagination	a	figment	of	sbs	imagination
a fillip (to/for sth)	a	fillip	to	for
a flick through sth	a	flick	through
a foretaste (of sth)	a	foretaste	of
a friend in need (is a friend indeed)	a	friend	in	need	is	a	friend	indeed
a gentleman/lady of leisure	a	gentleman	lady	of	leisure
a good/bad mixer	a	good	bad	mixer
a good/bad sailor	a	good	bad	sailor
a good/safe bet	a	good	safe	bet
a hail of sth	a	hail	of
a hard/tough act to follow	a	hard	tough	act	to	follow
a hard/tough nut	a	hard	tough	nut
a hard/tough nut (to crack)	a	hard	tough	nut	to	crack
a heartbeat away (from sth)	a	heartbeat	away	from
a heavy silence/atmosphere	a	heavy	silence	atmosphere
a help (to sb)	a	help	to
a high/low profile	a	high	low	profile
A is one thing, B is another	A	is	one	thing	B	is	another
a lock (on sth)	a	lock	on
a man of God/the cloth	a	man	of	God	the	cloth
a man/woman after your own heart	a	man	woman	after	your	own	heart
a man/woman of (many) parts	a	man	woman	of	many	parts
a man/woman of substance	a	man	woman	of	substance
a man/woman of the world	a	man	woman	of	the	world
a marked man/woman	a	marked	man	woman
a marker (of/for sth)	a	marker	of	for
a mash (of sth)	a	mash	of
a match for sb	a	match	for
a matter of hours, minutes, etc.	a	matter	of	hours	minutes	etc
a matter of inches, metres, etc.	a	matter	of	inches	metres	etc
a mess of sth	a	mess	of
a millstone around/round your neck	a	millstone	around	round	your	neck
a mine of information (about/on sb/sth)	a	mine	of	information	about	on
a mirror of sth	a	mirror	of
a moot point/question	a	moot	point	question
a nail in sb's/sth's coffin	a	nail	in	sbss	coffin
a nose for sth	a	nose	for
a one, two, three, etc. horse race	a	one	two	three	etc	horse	race
a passage (through sth)	a	passage	through
a pat on the back (for sth/for doing sth)	a	pat	on	the	back	for	for	doing
a peg to hang sth on	a	peg	to	hang	on
a piece/slice of the action	a	piece	slice	of	the	action
a piece/slice/share of the pie	a	piece	slice	share	of	the	pie
a pig of a sth	a	pig	of	a
a pity (that…)	a	pity	that
a pity (to do sth)	a	pity	to	do
a pregnant pause/silence	a	pregnant	pause	silence
a price on sb's head	a	price	on	sbs	head
a question mark over/against sth	a	question	mark	over	against
a race against time/the clock	a	race	against	time	the	clock
a rod/stick to beat sb with	a	rod	stick	to	beat	with
a shot across the/sb's bows	a	shot	across	the	sbs	bows
a shot/stab in the dark	a	shot	stab	in	the	dark
a slice/share of the cake	a	slice	share	of	the	cake
a slip of a boy, girl, etc.	a	slip	of	a	boy	girl	etc
a slip of the pen/tongue	a	slip	of	the	pen	tongue
a snake (in the grass)	a	snake	in	the	grass
a song and dance (about sth)	a	song	and	dance	about
a sort of sth	a	sort	of
a square peg (in a round hole)	a	square	peg	in	a	round	hole
a stain on sth	a	stain	on
a stitch in time (saves nine)	a	stitch	in	time	saves	nine
a taste/dose of your own medicine	a	taste	dose	of	your	own	medicine
a thorn in sb's flesh/side	a	thorn	in	sbs	flesh	side
a tight spot/corner	a	tight	spot	corner
a trip/walk down memory lane	a	trip	walk	down	memory	lane
a triumph (of sth)	a	triumph	of
a vision (of sth)	a	vision	of
a way into sth	a	way	into
a week next Monday, etc.	a	week	next	Monday	etc
a week next/on/this Monday, etc.	a	week	next	on	this	Monday	etc
a week on Monday, etc.	a	week	on	Monday	etc
a week this Monday, etc.	a	week	this	Monday	etc
a week tomorrow, etc.	a	week	tomorrow	etc
a week yesterday, last Monday, etc.	a	week	yesterday	last	Monday	etc
a whole lot (of sth)	a	whole	lot	of
a wind/the winds of change	a	wind	the	winds	of	change
a witch's/an evil brew	a	witchs	an	evil	brew
a world away (from sth)	a	world	away	from
a/one hell of a…	a	one	hell	of	a
a/one helluva…	a	one	helluva
a/one hundred per cent	a	one	hundred	per	cent
a/one step ahead (of sb/sth)	a	one	step	ahead	of
a/one step at a time	a	one	step	at	a	time
a/per head	a	per	head
a/sb's second childhood	a	sbs	second	childhood
a/some piece of work	a	some	piece	of	work
a/that sinking feeling	a	that	sinking	feeling
a/the bright spot	a	the	bright	spot
a/the creature of sb	a	the	creature	of
a/the flavour of sth	a	the	flavour	of
a/the fly in the ointment	a	the	fly	in	the	ointment
a/the grand old age (of…)	a	the	grand	old	age	of
a/the grand old man (of sth)	a	the	grand	old	man	of
a/the happy medium	a	the	happy	medium
a/the man about town	a	the	man	about	town
a/the new kid on the block	a	the	new	kid	on	the	block
a/the parting of the ways	a	the	parting	of	the	ways
a/the pecking order	a	the	pecking	order
a/the ripe old age (of…)	a	the	ripe	old	age	of
a/the sth to end all sths	a	the	to	end	alls
a/the still small voice	a	the	still	small	voice
a/the sword of Damocles	a	the	sword	of	Damocles
a/the world of difference	a	the	world	of	difference
a/the/sb's way of life	a	the	sbs	way	of	life
a/your bounden duty	a	your	bounden	duty
a/your last resort	a	your	last	resort
abandon sb	abandon
abandon sb to sth	abandon	to
abandon sth	abandon
abandon sth to sb/sth	abandon	to
abandon yourself to sth	abandon	yourself	to
abate sth	abate
abbreviate sth (to sth)	abbreviate	to
abbreviation (of/for sth)	abbreviation	of	for
abdicate sth	abdicate
abduct sb	abduct
abet sb	abet
abhor sth	abhor
abhorrent (to sb)	abhorrent	to
abide adv./prep.	abide	adv	prep
abide by sth	abide	by
ability to do sth	ability	to	do
abjure sth	abjure
ablaze (with sth)	ablaze	with
ablaze with sth	ablaze	with
able to do sth	able	to	do
abnegate sth	abnegate
abolish sth	abolish
abominate sth/sb	abominate
abort sth	abort
abound with/in sth	abound	with	in
about/on your person	about	on	your	person
above/below the fold	above	below	the	fold
above/beyond suspicion	above	beyond	suspicion
abrade sth	abrade
abreast of sb/sth	abreast	of
abridge sth	abridge
abrogate sth	abrogate
abscond (from sth)	abscond	from
abscond (with sth)	abscond	with
abseil (down, off, etc. sth)	abseil	down	off	etc
absence from …	absence	from
absent (from …)	absent	from
absent (from sth)	absent	from
absent yourself (from sth)	absent	yourself	from
absolve sb (from/of sth)	absolve	from	of
absolve sb (of/from sth)	absolve	of	from
absorb sb	absorb
absorb sth	absorb
absorb sth into sth	absorb	into
absorbed in sth/sb	absorbed	in
absorption (in sth)	absorption	in
abstain (from sth)	abstain	from
abstention (from sth)	abstention	from
abstinence (from sth)	abstinence	from
abstract sth	abstract
abstract sth (from sth)	abstract	from
abundance (of sth)	abundance	of
abuse of sth	abuse	of
abuse sb	abuse
abuse sb/sth	abuse
abuse sth	abuse
abut (on/onto) sth	abut	on	onto
accede (to sth)	accede	to
accelerate sth	accelerate
acceleration (in sth)	acceleration	in
accent sth	accent
accentuate sth	accentuate
accept sb	accept
accept sb as sth	accept	as
accept sb into sth	accept	into
accept sb to do sth	accept	to	do
accept sth	accept
accept sth as sth	accept	as
accept sth for sth	accept	for
accept sth from sb	accept	from
accept that…	accept	that
acceptable to sb	acceptable	to
access (to sth)	access	to
access sth	access
access to sth	access	to
accessible to sb	accessible	to
accession (to sth)	accession	to
accessorize sth	accessorize
accessory to sth	accessory	to
acclaim sb/sth	acclaim
acclaim sb/sth as sth	acclaim	as
acclimatize (to sth)	acclimatize	to
acclimatize yourself (to sth)	acclimatize	yourself	to
accommodate (sth/yourself) to sth	accommodate	yourself	to
accommodate sb	accommodate
accommodate sb (with sth)	accommodate	with
accommodate sb/sth	accommodate
accommodate sth	accommodate
accompaniment (to sth)	accompaniment	to
accompany sb	accompany
accompany sb (at/on sth)	accompany	at	on
accompany sth	accompany
accomplish sth	accomplish
accord (with sth)	accord	with
accord sb/sth sth	accord
accord sth to sb/sth	accord	to
according to sb's/sth's lights	according	to	sbss	lights
accost sb	accost
account for sb/sth	account	for
account for sth	account	for
account for sth (to sb)	account	for	to
account sb/sth + adj.	account	adj
account sb/sth + noun	account	noun
accountable for sth	accountable	for
accountable to sb	accountable	to
accredit sb to …	accredit	to
accredit sb with sth	accredit	with
accredit sth to sb	accredit	to
accredit sth/sb	accredit
accrue (to sb) (from sth)	accrue	to	from
accrue sth	accrue
acculturate (sb) (to sth)	acculturate	to
accumulate sth	accumulate
accusation against sb	accusation	against
accusation of sth	accusation	of
accusation that…	accusation	that
accuse sb (of sth)	accuse	of
accustom yourself/sb to sth	accustom	yourself	to
accustomed to doing sth	accustomed	to	doing
accustomed to sth	accustomed	to
ace sth	ace
ache for sb/sth	ache	for
ache from sth	ache	from
ache to do sth	ache	to	do
achieve sth	achieve
acidify (sth)	acidify
acknowledge sb/sth	acknowledge
acknowledge sb/sth as sth	acknowledge	as
acknowledge sb/sth to be, have, etc. sth	acknowledge	to	be	have	etc
acknowledge sth	acknowledge
acknowledge sth to be, have, etc. sth	acknowledge	to	be	have	etc
acknowledge that…	acknowledge	that
acquaint sb/yourself with sth	acquaint	yourself	with
acquaintance (with sb)	acquaintance	with
acquaintance with sth	acquaintance	with
acquainted with sb	acquainted	with
acquainted with sth	acquainted	with
acquiesce (in/to sth)	acquiesce	in	to
acquire sth	acquire
acquit sb (of sth)	acquit	of
act (on sth)	act	on
act adv.	act	adv
act as if/though…	act	as	if	though
act as sth	act	as
act for/on behalf of sb	act	for	on	behalf	of
act like sb/sth	act	like
act like sth	act	like
act of sb	act	of
act of sth	act	of
act on/upon sth	act	on	upon
act sth	act
act sth↔out	act↔out
act/play the fool	act	play	the	fool
action of sth (on sth)	action	of	on
action sth	action
activate sth	activate
actualize sth	actualize
actuate sb	actuate
actuate sth	actuate
ad-lib sth	adlib
adapt sth	adapt
adapt sth (for sth) (from sth)	adapt	for	from
adapt sth for sth	adapt	for
adapt to sth	adapt	to
adapt yourself to sth	adapt	yourself	to
add A and B together	add	A	and	B	together
add A to B	add	A	to	B
add sth	add
add sth (to sth)	add	to
add sth to sth	add	to
add sth↔in	add↔in
add sth↔on (to sth)	add↔on	to
add sth↔up	add↔up
add that…	add	that
add to sth	add	to
add to this…	add	to	this
add up to sth	add	up	to
added to this…	added	to	this
addicted (to sth)	addicted	to
addiction to sth	addiction	to
addition (of sth)	addition	of
addition (to sth)	addition	to
addle sth	addle
address sb	address
address sb (as sth)	address	as
address sth	address
address sth to sb	address	to
address sth to sb/sth	address	to
address yourself to sth	address	yourself	to
adduce sth	adduce
adept (at/in doing sth)	adept	at	in	doing
adept (at/in sth)	adept	at	in
adequate for sth	adequate	for
adequate to do sth	adequate	to	do
adhere (to sth)	adhere	to
adhere to sth	adhere	to
adjacent to sth	adjacent	to
adjoin (sth)	adjoin
adjourn sth	adjourn
adjourn to…	adjourn	to
adjudge sth + adj.	adjudge	adj
adjudge sth + noun	adjudge	noun
adjudicate (on/upon/in sth)	adjudicate	on	upon	in
adjudicate (sth) (between A and B)	adjudicate	between	A	and	B
adjure sb to do sth	adjure	to	do
adjust sth	adjust
adjust sth to sth	adjust	to
adjust to doing sth	adjust	to	doing
adjust to sth	adjust	to
adjust yourself to sth	adjust	yourself	to
administer sth	administer
administer sth (to sb)	administer	to
administer sth to sb	administer	to
admiration for sb/sth	admiration	for
admire sb for doing sth	admire	for	doing
admire sb/sth	admire
admire sb/sth for sth	admire	for
admire sth	admire
admirer of sb/sth	admirer	of
admission of sth	admission	of
admission that …	admission	that
admission to sth	admission	to
admit (that)…	admit	that
admit (to sb) (that…)	admit	to	that
admit doing sth	admit	doing
admit of sth	admit	of
admit sb	admit
admit sb to/into sth	admit	to	into
admit sb/sth	admit
admit sb/sth to/into sth	admit	to	into
admit sth	admit
admit to doing sth	admit	to	doing
admit to sb that…	admit	to	that
admit to sth	admit	to
admonish sb (for sth/for doing sth)	admonish	for	for	doing
admonish sb (to do sth)	admonish	to	do
adopt sb	adopt
adopt sb (as sth)	adopt	as
adopt sth	adopt
adore doing sth	adore	doing
adore sb	adore
adore sth	adore
adorn sth/sb	adorn
adorn sth/sb/yourself with sth	adorn	yourself	with
adrift (of sb/sth)	adrift	of
adsorb sth	adsorb
adulterate sth (with sth)	adulterate	with
adumbrate sth	adumbrate
advance (in sth)	advance	in
advance (on sth)	advance	on
advance on/towards sb/sth	advance	on	towards
advance sb sth	advance
advance sth	advance
advance sth to sb	advance	to
advantage over sb	advantage	over
advantage sb	advantage
advantageous (to sb)	advantageous	to
advertise (for sb/sth)	advertise	for
advertise sth	advertise
advertise sth (as sth)	advertise	as
advertisement (for sth)	advertisement	for
advertisement for sth	advertisement	for
advice (on sth)	advice	on
advisable to do sth	advisable	to	do
advise (sb) against sth/against doing sth	advise	against	against	doing
advise (sb) on/about sth/about doing sth	advise	on	about	about	doing
advise (sb) what, which, whether, etc…	advise	what	which	whether
advise doing sth	advise	doing
advise sb	advise
advise sb of sth	advise	of
advise sb that…	advise	that
advise sb to do sth	advise	to	do
advise sb when, where, how, etc…	advise	when	where	how
advise sth	advise
advise that…	advise	that
adviser (to sb) (on sth)	adviser	to	on
advocacy (of sth)	advocacy	of
advocate (for sth/sb)	advocate	for
advocate (of sth/sb)	advocate	of
advocate (sb) doing sth	advocate	doing
advocate sth	advocate
advocate that…	advocate	that
aerate sth	aerate
affect (to do) sth	affect	to	do
affect sb	affect
affect sb/sth	affect
affect sth	affect
affection for sb/sth	affection	for
affiliate (yourself) (with sb/sth)	affiliate	yourself	with
affiliate sb/sth (with/to sb/sth)	affiliate	with	to
affinity (between A and B)	affinity	between	A	and	B
affinity (for/with sb/sth)	affinity	for	with
affinity (with sb/sth)	affinity	with
affirm sth	affirm
affirm that…	affirm	that
affix sth (to sth)	affix	to
afflict sb/sth	afflict
afford sb sth	afford
afford sth	afford
afford sth to do sth	afford	to	do
afford to do sth	afford	to	do
afforest sth	afforest
affront (to sb/sth)	affront	to
affront sb/sth	affront
afraid (that…)	afraid	that
afraid for sb/sth	afraid	for
afraid of doing sth	afraid	of	doing
afraid of sb/sth	afraid	of
afraid to do sth	afraid	to	do
after the fashion of sb/sth	after	the	fashion	of
after/before dark	after	before	dark
age sb	age
age sth	age
agglomerate sth	agglomerate
aggravate sb	aggravate
aggravate sth	aggravate
aggregate sth (with sth)	aggregate	with
aggrieved (at/by sth)	aggrieved	at	by
aghast at sth	aghast	at
agitate (for/against sth)	agitate	for	against
agitate sb	agitate
agitate sth	agitate
agitate to do sth	agitate	to	do
agitation (for/against sth)	agitation	for	against
agonize (over/about sth)	agonize	over	about
agree (that)…	agree	that
agree (with sb) (about/on sth)	agree	with	about	on
agree (with sth)	agree	with
agree on sth	agree	on
agree sth	agree
agree to do sth	agree	to	do
agree to sth	agree	to
agree what, where, etc…	agree	what	where
agree with sth	agree	with
agreeable (to sb)	agreeable	to
agreeable (to sth)	agreeable	to
agreement (with sth)	agreement	with
agreement between A and B	agreement	between	A	and	B
agreement to do sth	agreement	to	do
agreement with sb	agreement	with
ahead of/behind the curve	ahead	of	behind	the	curve
ahead of/behind time	ahead	of	behind	time
aid (sb/sth) in sth/in doing sth	aid	in	in	doing
aid sb (to do sth)	aid	to	do
aid sb (with sth)	aid	with
aid sb/sth in sth/in doing sth	aid	in	in	doing
aid sth	aid
ail sb	ail
ail sth	ail
aim at doing sth	aim	at	doing
aim at sb/sth	aim	at
aim at sth	aim	at
aim for sb/sth	aim	for
aim for sth	aim	for
aim sth (at sb/sth)	aim	at
aim sth at sb	aim	at
aim to do sth	aim	to	do
air (sth)	air
air sth	air
air sth↔out	air↔out
air-dash adv./prep.	airdash	adv	prep
air-kiss (sb/sth)	airkiss
airbrush sth	airbrush
airbrush sth out	airbrush	out
airdrop sth	airdrop
airfreight sth	airfreight
airlift sb/sth	airlift
akin to sth	akin	to
alarm bells ring/start ringing	alarm	bells	ring	start	ringing
alarm sb	alarm
alarm sth	alarm
alarmed (at/by sth)	alarmed	at	by
alert sb (that)…	alert	that
alert sb (to do sth)	alert	to	do
alert sb to sth	alert	to
alert to sth	alert	to
alien (to sb/sth)	alien	to
alien to sb/sth	alien	to
alienate sb	alienate
alienate sb (from sth/sb)	alienate	from
alight (from sth)	alight	from
alight (in/on/upon sth)	alight	in	on	upon
alight on/upon sth	alight	on	upon
align (sth) (with sth)	align	with
align sth (with/to sth)	align	with	to
align yourself with sb/sth	align	yourself	with
alive (with sth)	alive	with
alive to sth	alive	to
alive with sth	alive	with
all manner of sb/sth	all	manner	of
all of sth	all	of
all sb ever does is …	all	ever	does	is
all that glitters/glistens is not gold	all	that	glitters	glistens	is	not	gold
all the better, harder, etc.	all	the	better	harder	etc
all very well (for sb) (to do sth)	all	very	well	for	to	do
all work and no play (makes Jack a dull boy)	all	work	and	no	play	makes	Jack	a	dull	boy
all/just the same	all	just	the	same
all/other things being equal	all	other	things	being	equal
allay sth	allay
allegation (of sth) against sb	allegation	of	against
allegation about sb/sth	allegation	about
allegation of sth	allegation	of
allegation that…	allegation	that
allege (that)…	allege	that
allege sth	allege
allegiance (to sb/sth)	allegiance	to
allergic (to sth)	allergic	to
allergic to sth	allergic	to
allergy (to sth)	allergy	to
alleviate sth	alleviate
alliance between A and B	alliance	between	A	and	B
alliance with sb/sth	alliance	with
allied to/with sth	allied	to	with
allocate sb/sth sth	allocate
allocate sth (for sth)	allocate	for
allocate sth (to sb/sth)	allocate	to
allot sb/sth sth	allot
allot sth	allot
allot sth to sb/sth	allot	to
allow for sb/sth	allow	for
allow of sth	allow	of
allow sb sth	allow
allow sb to do sth	allow	to	do
allow sb/sth + adv./prep.	allow	adv	prep
allow sb/yourself sth	allow	yourself
allow sth	allow
allow sth (for sb/sth)	allow	for
allow sth to do sth	allow	to	do
allow that…	allow	that
allow yourself to do sth	allow	yourself	to	do
alloy sth (with sth)	alloy	with
allude to sb/sth	allude	to
allusion (to sb/sth)	allusion	to
ally (yourself) with sb/sth	ally	yourself	with
along with sb/sth	along	with
along/down the line	along	down	the	line
along/on (the)… lines	along	on	the	lines
alpha-test sth	alphatest
alphabetize sth	alphabetize
alter sb/sth	alter
alter sth	alter
alternate A and B	alternate	A	and	B
alternate A with B	alternate	A	with	B
alternate between A and B	alternate	between	A	and	B
alternate with sth	alternate	with
amalgam (of sth)	amalgam	of
amalgamate (sth) (with/into sth)	amalgamate	with	into
amalgamate sth	amalgamate
amalgamate sth (into/with sth)	amalgamate	into	with
amalgamate sth with/into sth	amalgamate	with	into
amalgamate with/into sth	amalgamate	with	into
amass sth	amass
amaze sb	amaze
amaze sb what, how, etc…	amaze	what	how
amazed (that)…	amazed	that
amazed at sb/sth	amazed	at
amazed by sb/sth	amazed	by
amazed how…	amazed	how
ambition of being/doing sth	ambition	of	being	doing
ambition to be/do sth	ambition	to	be	do
ambivalence (about/towards sb/sth)	ambivalence	about	towards
ambivalent (about/towards sb/sth)	ambivalent	about	towards
amble adv./prep.	amble	adv	prep
ambush sb/sth	ambush
ameliorate sth	ameliorate
amenable to sth	amenable	to
amend sth	amend
amendment to sth	amendment	to
Americanize sb/sth	Americanize
Amin (Dada), Idi	Amin	Dada	Idi
amortize sth	amortize
amount (of sth)	amount	of
amount to sth	amount	to
amplify sth	amplify
amputate (sth)	amputate
amuse sb	amuse
amused at/by sth	amused	at	by
an accident/a disaster waiting to happen	an	accident	a	disaster	waiting	to	happen
an easy/a soft touch	an	easy	a	soft	touch
an exhibition of sth	an	exhibition	of
an eye for an eye (and a tooth for a tooth)	an	eye	for	an	eye	and	a	tooth	for	a	tooth
an in to sth	an	in	to
an iron fist/hand (in a velvet glove)	an	iron	fist	hand	in	a	velvet	glove
an ocean of sth	an	ocean	of
an odd/a queer fish	an	odd	a	queer	fish
an open invitation (to sb)	an	open	invitation	to
anaesthetize sb	anaesthetize
analogous (to/with sth)	analogous	to	with
analogy (between A and B)	analogy	between	A	and	B
analogy (with sth)	analogy	with
analyse sb	analyse
analyse sth	analyse
analyse what, how, etc…	analyse	what	how
anchor (sth)	anchor
anchor sb/sth (in/to sth)	anchor	in	to
anchor sth	anchor
ancillary (to sth)	ancillary	to
and (all) that	and	all	that
and (all) the rest (of it)	and	all	the	rest	of	it
and all that (jazz, rubbish, etc.)	and	all	that	jazz	rubbish	etc
and don't (you) forget it	and	dont	you	forget	it
and so on (and so forth)	and	so	on	and	so	forth
and things (like that)	and	things	like	that
anger at sb/sth	anger	at
anger sb	anger
angle for sth	angle	for
angle sth	angle
anglicize sb/sth	anglicize
angry at/about/over sth	angry	at	about	over
angry with/at sb	angry	with	at
angry with/at sb about/for sth	angry	with	at	about	for
animate sth	animate
animosity (between A and B)	animosity	between	A	and	B
animosity (toward(s) sb/sth)	animosity	towards
animus (against sb/sth)	animus	against
anneal sth	anneal
annex sth	annex
annihilate sb/sth	annihilate
annihilate sb/sth/yourself	annihilate	yourself
annotate sth	annotate
announce sth	announce
announce sth to sb	announce	to
announce that…	announce	that
announce yourself/sb	announce	yourself
annoy sb	annoy
annoy sb to do sth	annoy	to	do
annoyed (with sb) (at/about sth)	annoyed	with	at	about
annoyed that…	annoyed	that
annul sth	annul
anodize sth	anodize
anoint sb/sth (with sth)	anoint	with
anomaly (in sth)	anomaly	in
anonymize sth	anonymize
answer (sb)	answer
answer (sb) that…	answer	that
answer for sb	answer	for
answer for sth	answer	for
answer sb + speech	answer	speech
answer sb back	answer	back
answer sb sth	answer
answer sth	answer
answer to sb (for sth)	answer	to	for
answer to sth	answer	to
answer to the name of sth	answer	to	the	name	of
answer/fit a description (of sb/sth)	answer	fit	a	description	of
answerable (for sth)	answerable	for
answerable to sb (for sth)	answerable	to	for
antagonism (between A and B)	antagonism	between	A	and	B
antagonism (to/toward(s) sb/sth)	antagonism	to	towards
antagonistic (to/toward(s) sb/sth)	antagonistic	to	towards
antagonize sb	antagonize
antedate sth	antedate
anthologize sb/sth	anthologize
anticipate (doing) sth	anticipate	doing
anticipate (sth doing) sth	anticipate	doing
anticipate doing sth	anticipate	doing
anticipate sb (doing sth)	anticipate	doing
anticipate sth	anticipate
anticipate sth doing sth	anticipate	doing
anticipate that…	anticipate	that
anticipate what, how, that, etc…	anticipate	what	how	that
antidote (to sth)	antidote	to
antipathetic (to sb/sth)	antipathetic	to
antipathy (between A and B)	antipathy	between	A	and	B
antipathy (to/toward(s) sb/sth)	antipathy	to	towards
antithetical (to sth)	antithetical	to
anxiety (about/over sth)	anxiety	about	over
anxiety for sth	anxiety	for
anxiety to do sth	anxiety	to	do
anxious (about sth)	anxious	about
anxious (for sb)	anxious	for
anxious for sb to do sth	anxious	for	to	do
anxious for sth	anxious	for
anxious that…	anxious	that
anxious to do sth	anxious	to	do
any amount of sth	any	amount	of
any day (now)	any	day	now
any fool can/could…	any	fool	can	could
any old…	any	old
any/every Tom, Dick or Harry	any	every	Tom	Dick	or	Harry
anybody's/anyone's guess	anybodys	anyones	guess
anything can/might happen	anything	can	might	happen
anything like sb/sth	anything	like
ape sb/sth	ape
apologetic about/for sth	apologetic	about	for
apologist (for sb/sth)	apologist	for
apologize (to sb) (for sth)	apologize	to	for
apology (to sb) (for sth)	apology	to	for
apostle (of sth)	apostle	of
apostrophize sb	apostrophize
apostrophize sth	apostrophize
appal sb	appal
appalled at sth	appalled	at
apparent (from sth) (that…)	apparent	from	that
apparent (to sb) (that…)	apparent	to	that
appeal (to sb) (for sth)	appeal	to	for
appeal (to sb/sth) (against sth)	appeal	to	against
appeal (to sth)	appeal	to
appeal against sth	appeal	against
appeal to sb	appeal	to
appeal to sb to do sth	appeal	to	to	do
appeal to sth	appeal	to
appear adv./prep.	appear	adv	prep
appear for/on behalf of sb	appear	for	on	behalf	of
appear to do sth	appear	to	do
appease sb	appease
appease sb/sth	appease
append sth (to sth)	append	to
appertain to sb/sth	appertain	to
appetite for sth	appetite	for
applaud sb	applaud
applaud sb (for sth)	applaud	for
applaud sth	applaud
applicable to sb/sth	applicable	to
applicant (for sth)	applicant	for
application (of sth) (to sth)	application	of	to
application for sth/to do sth	application	for	to	do
application to sb (for sth/to do sth)	application	to	for	to	do
apply for sth	apply	for
apply sth	apply
apply sth (to sth)	apply	to
apply sth to sb/sth	apply	to
apply sth to sth	apply	to
apply to do sth	apply	to	do
apply to sb/sth	apply	to
apply to sb/sth (for sth)	apply	to	for
apply yourself/sth to sth/to doing sth	apply	yourself	to	to	doing
appoint sb	appoint
appoint sb + noun	appoint	noun
appoint sb as sth	appoint	as
appoint sb to do sth	appoint	to	do
appoint sb to sth	appoint	to
appoint sth	appoint
appointment (as/to sth)	appointment	as	to
appointment for sb to do sth	appointment	for	to	do
appointment for sth	appointment	for
appointment with sb	appointment	with
apportion sth	apportion
apportion sth among/between/to sb	apportion	among	between	to
apposite (to sth)	apposite	to
appraise sb	appraise
appraise sb/sth	appraise
appreciate doing sth	appreciate	doing
appreciate how, what, etc…	appreciate	how	what
appreciate sb doing sth	appreciate	doing
appreciate sb/sth	appreciate
appreciate sth	appreciate
appreciate that…	appreciate	that
appreciation (in sth)	appreciation	in
appreciation (of sth)	appreciation	of
appreciation (of/for sth)	appreciation	of	for
appreciation of sth	appreciation	of
appreciative (of sth)	appreciative	of
apprehend sb	apprehend
apprehend sth	apprehend
apprehensive about/of sth	apprehensive	about	of
apprehensive that…	apprehensive	that
apprentice sb (to sb) (as sth)	apprentice	to	as
apprise sb of sth	apprise	of
approach sb	approach
approach sb for sth/about (doing) sth	approach	for	about	doing
approach sb/sth	approach
approach sth	approach
approach to sth	approach	to
appropriate for sth	appropriate	for
appropriate sth	appropriate
appropriate sth (for sth)	appropriate	for
appropriate to sth	appropriate	to
approval (for sth) (from sb)	approval	for	from
approve of sb doing sth	approve	of	doing
approve of sb's doing sth	approve	of	sbs	doing
approve of sb/sth	approve	of
approve sth	approve
approximate sth	approximate
approximate to sth	approximate	to
approximation (of/to sth)	approximation	of	to
apt to be…	apt	to	be
apt to do sth	apt	to	do
aptitude for doing sth	aptitude	for	doing
aptitude for sth	aptitude	for
arbiter (of sth)	arbiter	of
arbitrate (in/on) (sth)	arbitrate	in	on
arbitrate between A and B	arbitrate	between	A	and	B
arch (sth)	arch
archive sth	archive
area (of sth)	area	of
argue (with sb) (about/over sth)	argue	with	about	over
argue for/against sth/doing sth	argue	for	against	doing
argue sb into/out of doing sth	argue	into	out	of	doing
argue sth	argue
argue that…	argue	that
argue with sb	argue	with
argue with sth	argue	with
argument (about sth)	argument	about
argument (with sb) (about/over sth)	argument	with	about	over
argument for/against sth	argument	for	against
argument that…	argument	that
argument with sb	argument	with
arise (against sb/sth)	arise	against
arise (out of/from sth)	arise	out	of	from
arm (of sth)	arm	of
arm sth	arm
arm yourself/sb (with sth)	arm	yourself	with
armed (with sth)	armed	with
around/round the clock	around	round	the	clock
arouse sb	arouse
arouse sb (from sth)	arouse	from
arouse sth	arouse
arraign sb (for sth)	arraign	for
arrange for sth (to do sth)	arrange	for	to	do
arrange how, where, etc…	arrange	how	where
arrange sth	arrange
arrange sth ( for sth)	arrange		for
arrange that…	arrange	that
arrange to do sth	arrange	to	do
arrange with sb (about sth)	arrange	with	about
arrangement between A and B	arrangement	between	A	and	B
arrangement for sth	arrangement	for
arrangement that…	arrangement	that
arrangement with sb (to do sth)	arrangement	with	to	do
array sb	array
array sth	array
arrayed (in sth)	arrayed	in
arrest sb	arrest
arrest sb for doing sth	arrest	for	doing
arrest sb for sth	arrest	for
arrest sth	arrest
arrive at sth	arrive	at
arrive at/in/on…	arrive	at	in	on
arrogate to yourself sth	arrogate	to	yourself
arse about/around	arse	about	around
article (on/about sth)	article	on	about
articulate (with sth)	articulate	with
articulate sth	articulate
articulate sth (to sb)	articulate	to
artistic/poetic licence	artistic	poetic	licence
as (level)	as	level
as against sth	as	against
as clean, pure, etc. as the driven snow	as	clean	pure	etc	as	the	driven	snow
as easy as anything/as pie/as ABC/as falling off a log	as	easy	as	anything	as	pie	as	ABC	as	falling	off	a	log
as far as I can remember, see, tell, etc.	as	far	as	I	can	remember	see	tell	etc
as far as the eye can/could see	as	far	as	the	eye	can	could	see
as for sb/sth	as	for
as from…/as of…	as	from	as	of
as happy, quick, etc. as anything	as	happy	quick	etc	as	anything
as if/as though	as	if	as	though
as it happens/happened	as	it	happens	happened
as it/things turned out	as	it	things	turned	out
as many as…	as	many	as
as much as sb can do	as	much	as	can	do
as near as damn it/dammit	as	near	as	damn	it	dammit
as people, things, etc. go	as	people	things	etc	go
as per normal/usual	as	per	normal	usual
as per sth	as	per
as quickly, much, soon, etc. as possible	as	quickly	much	soon	etc	as	possible
as regards sb/sth	as	regards
as regards sth	as	regards
as to sth	as	to
as well (as sb/sth)	as	well	as
as… as…	as	as
as/so far as I am concerned	as	so	far	as	I	am	concerned
as/so far as it goes	as	so	far	as	it	goes
as/so far as sb/sth goes	as	so	far	as	goes
as/so far as sb/sth is concerned	as	so	far	as	is	concerned
as/so long as	as	so	long	as
as/that was	as	that	was
as/when/if the spirit moves you	as	when	if	the	spirit	moves	you
as/whenever, etc. the fancy takes you	as	whenever	etc	the	fancy	takes	you
ascend from sth	ascend	from
ascend sth	ascend
ascend to sth	ascend	to
ascendancy (over sb/sth)	ascendancy	over
ascertain sth	ascertain
ascertain that…	ascertain	that
ascertain what, whether, etc…	ascertain	what	whether
ascribable to sb/sth	ascribable	to
ascribe sth to sb	ascribe	to
ascribe sth to sb/sth	ascribe	to
ascription (to sb/sth)	ascription	to
ashamed of sb	ashamed	of
ashamed of sth	ashamed	of
ashamed that…	ashamed	that
ashamed to be sth	ashamed	to	be
ashamed to do sth	ashamed	to	do
ask about sb/sth	ask	about
ask after sb	ask	after
ask for sb/sth	ask	for
ask for sth	ask	for
ask if, whether, etc…	ask	if	whether
ask sb (+ adv./prep.)	ask	adv	prep
ask sb (about sth)	ask	about
ask sb + speech	ask	speech
ask sb back	ask	back
ask sb for sth	ask	for
ask sb if, whether, etc…	ask	if	whether
ask sb out	ask	out
ask sb sth	ask
ask sb to do sth	ask	to	do
ask sb where, what, etc…	ask	where	what
ask sb whether, what, etc…	ask	whether	what
ask sth	ask
ask sth (for sth)	ask	for
ask sth of sb	ask	of
ask sth to do sth	ask	to	do
ask that…	ask	that
ask to do sth	ask	to	do
ask where, what, etc…	ask	where	what
ask whether, what, etc…	ask	whether	what
ask, cry, etc. for the moon	ask	cry	etc	for	the	moon
asphyxiate sb	asphyxiate
aspirant (to/for sth)	aspirant	to	for
aspirate sth	aspirate
aspiration for sth	aspiration	for
aspiration to do sth	aspiration	to	do
aspire (to sth)	aspire	to
aspire to be/do sth	aspire	to	be	do
assail sb	assail
assail sb/sth	assail
assassinate sb	assassinate
assault (on/upon sth)	assault	on	upon
assault (on/upon/against sb/sth)	assault	on	upon	against
assault on/upon sb	assault	on	upon
assault on/upon/against sb/sth	assault	on	upon	against
assault sb	assault
assault sth	assault
assay sth	assay
assemble sth	assemble
assent (to sth)	assent	to
assert sth	assert
assert that…	assert	that
assess sb/sth	assess
assess sb/sth as sth	assess	as
assess sth	assess
assess sth at sth	assess	at
assess whether, how, etc…	assess	whether	how
asset to sb/sth	asset	to
assign sb (to sth/as sth)	assign	to	as
assign sb sth	assign
assign sb to do sth	assign	to	do
assign sb to sb/sth	assign	to
assign sth (to sb)	assign	to
assign sth sth	assign
assign sth to sb	assign	to
assign sth to sth	assign	to
assimilate (into/to sth)	assimilate	into	to
assimilate sb (into/to sth)	assimilate	into	to
assimilate sth	assimilate
assimilate sth into/to sth	assimilate	into	to
assist in/with sth	assist	in	with
assist sb	assist
assist sb in doing sth	assist	in	doing
assist sb in/with sth	assist	in	with
assist sb to do sth	assist	to	do
assist sth	assist
assistance in doing sth/to do sth	assistance	in	doing	to	do
assistance with sth	assistance	with
associate sb/sth (with sb/sth)	associate	with
associate with sb	associate	with
associate yourself with sth	associate	yourself	with
association (with sb/sth)	association	with
assuage sth	assuage
assume (that)…	assume	that
assume sb/sth to be/have sth	assume	to	be	have
assume sth	assume
assuming (that)	assuming	that
assumption of sth	assumption	of
assure sb (of sth)	assure	of
assure sb (that)…	assure	that
assure sb + speech	assure	speech
assure sb sth	assure
assure sth	assure
assure yourself of sth	assure	yourself	of
assure yourself that…	assure	yourself	that
assured of sth	assured	of
asterisk sth	asterisk
astonish sb	astonish
astonished (that)…	astonished	that
astonished at/by sth/sb	astonished	at	by
astound sb	astound
astounded (that)…	astounded	that
astounded at/by sth	astounded	at	by
at (…) intervals	at		intervals
at (long) last	at	long	last
at (the) most	at	the	most
at (the) worst	at	the	worst
at (your) ease	at	your	ease
at a (fair) lick	at	a	fair	lick
at a (single) glance	at	a	single	glance
at a (single) stroke	at	a	single	stroke
at a fast, good, steady, etc. clip	at	a	fast	good	steady	etc	clip
at a/the crossroads	at	a	the	crossroads
at all cost/costs	at	all	cost	costs
at liberty to do sth	at	liberty	to	do
at loggerheads (with sb) (over sth)	at	loggerheads	with	over
at my, your, his, etc. time of life	at	my	your	his	etc	time	of	life
at risk (from/of sth)	at	risk	from	of
at risk to yourself/sb/sth	at	risk	to	yourself
at sb's beck and call	at	sbs	beck	and	call
at sb's behest	at	sbs	behest
at sb's convenience	at	sbs	convenience
at sb's discretion	at	sbs	discretion
at sb's expense	at	sbs	expense
at sb's hands	at	sbs	hands
at sb's service	at	sbs	service
at the (very) least	at	the	very	least
at the expense of sb/sth	at	the	expense	of
at the hands of sb	at	the	hands	of
at the mercy of sb/sth	at	the	mercy	of
at the risk of doing sth	at	the	risk	of	doing
at the service of sb/sth	at	the	service	of
at the tender age of…	at	the	tender	age	of
at the top/bottom of the heap	at	the	top	bottom	of	the	heap
at this/that rate	at	this	that	rate
at variance (with sb/sth)	at	variance	with
at your/sb's disposal	at	your	sbs	disposal
at your/sb's pleasure	at	your	sbs	pleasure
at… length	at	length
at/from a distance	at	from	a	distance
at/from close quarters	at	from	close	quarters
at/from the outset (of sth)	at	from	the	outset	of
at/in one fell swoop	at	in	one	fell	swoop
at/in the back of your mind	at	in	the	back	of	your	mind
at/in/to the forefront (of sth)	at	in	to	the	forefront	of
at/on sb's heels	at	on	sbs	heels
at/on sb's suggestion	at	on	sbs	suggestion
at/on the altar of sth	at	on	the	altar	of
atomize sth	atomize
atone (for sth)	atone	for
attach sth	attach
attach sth to sb/sth	attach	to
attach sth to sth	attach	to
attach to sb/sth	attach	to
attach yourself to sb	attach	yourself	to
attached (to sb/sth)	attached	to
attached (to sth)	attached	to
attached to sth	attached	to
attack (on sb)	attack	on
attack (on sb/sth)	attack	on
attack (on sth)	attack	on
attack sb	attack
attack sb with sth	attack	with
attack sb/sth	attack
attack sb/sth for sth/for doing sth	attack	for	for	doing
attack sth	attack
attain sth	attain
attempt (on sth)	attempt	on
attempt at sth/at doing sth	attempt	at	at	doing
attempt sth	attempt
attempt to do sth	attempt	to	do
attend (to sb/sth)	attend	to
attend sb	attend
attend sth	attend
attend to sb/sth	attend	to
attendant upon sth	attendant	upon
attentive to sb/sth	attentive	to
attenuate sth	attenuate
attest (sth)	attest
attest (that…)	attest	that
attest (to sth)	attest	to
attitude (to/towards sb/sth)	attitude	to	towards
attract sb	attract
attract sb to sb/sth	attract	to
attract sb/sth (to sth)	attract	to
attract sth	attract
attributable to sb/sth	attributable	to
attribute sth	attribute
attribute sth to sb	attribute	to
attribute sth to sth	attribute	to
attuned (to sb/sth)	attuned	to
au fait (with sth)	au	fait	with
auction sth	auction
auction sth↔off	auction↔off
audit sth	audit
audition (for sth)	audition	for
audition sb (for sth)	audition	for
augment sth	augment
aura (of sth)	aura	of
authenticate sth	authenticate
authenticate sth as sth	authenticate	as
author sth	author
authority (on sth)	authority	on
authority (to do sth)	authority	to	do
authorize sb to do sth	authorize	to	do
authorize sth	authorize
autograph sth	autograph
automate sth	automate
autosave sth	autosave
avail of sth	avail	of
avail sb (sth)	avail
avail sth	avail
avail yourself of sth	avail	yourself	of
avenge sth	avenge
avenge yourself on sb	avenge	yourself	on
aver sth	aver
aver that…	aver	that
average (sth)	average
average out (at sth)	average	out	at
average sth	average
average sth↔out (at sth)	average↔out	at
averse to sth / to doing sth	averse	to			to	doing
aversion to sb/sth	aversion	to
avert sth	avert
avid for sth	avid	for
avoid doing sth	avoid	doing
avoid sb/sth	avoid
avoid sb/sth like the plague	avoid	like	the	plague
avoid sth	avoid
avoidance (of sth)	avoidance	of
avow sth	avow
avow that…	avow	that
await sb	await
await sb/sth	await
awake (sb) (from/to sth)	awake	from	to
awake (sth)	awake
awake sb	awake
awake to do sth	awake	to	do
awake to sth	awake	to
awaken (sb) (from/to sth)	awaken	from	to
awaken (sb) to sth	awaken	to
awaken (sth)	awaken
awaken sb	awaken
awaken to do sth	awaken	to	do
award (sb) sth	award
award for sth	award	for
award sth (to sb)	award	to
aware of sb/sth	aware	of
aware of sth	aware	of
aware that…	aware	that
awareness (of sth)	awareness	of
awareness (that…)	awareness	that
awash with sth	awash	with
away from sb/sth	away	from
away with…	away	with
awe sb	awe
axe sb	axe
axe sth	axe
babble (away/on) (sth)	babble	away	on
baby sb	baby
babysit (for sb)	babysit	for
babysit sb	babysit
back (of sth)	back	of
back adv./prep.	back	adv	prep
back away (from sb/sth)	back	away	from
back down (on/from sth)	back	down	on	from
back of sth	back	of
back off (from sth)	back	off	from
back onto sth	back	onto
back out (of sth)	back	out	of
back sb/sth	back
back sb/sth↔up	back	sb↔up
back sth	back
back sth (with sth)	back	with
back sth + adv./prep.	back	adv	prep
back sth↔up	back↔up
back-burner sth	backburner
back-heel sth	backheel
back-pedal (on sth)	backpedal	on
backcomb sth	backcomb
backdate sth	backdate
backfill sth	backfill
backfire (on sb)	backfire	on
backlash (against sth)	backlash	against
backlash (from sb)	backlash	from
backlight sth	backlight
backward(s) and forward(s)	backwards	and	forwards
bad at sth/at doing sth	bad	at	at	doing
bad blood (between A and B)	bad	blood	between	A	and	B
bad for sb/sth	bad	for
bad-mouth sb	badmouth
bad, hard, etc. luck (on sb)	bad	hard	etc	luck	on
bad/ill feeling	bad	ill	feeling
badger sb (into doing sth)	badger	into	doing
badger sb about sth	badger	about
badger sb to do sth	badger	to	do
baffle sb	baffle
bag (of sth)	bag	of
bag sb/sth	bag
bag sth	bag
bag sth (up)	bag	up
bags (I)…	bags	I
bail (sth)↔out	bail↔out
bail out (of sth)	bail	out	of
bail sb (to do sth)	bail	to	do
bail sb (up)	bail	up
bail sb↔out	bail	sb↔out
bail sb↔out (of sth)	bail	sb↔out	of
bait sb	bait
bait sth (with sth)	bait	with
bake (sth)	bake
bake sb sth	bake
bake sth (+ adj.)	bake	adj
bake sth for sb	bake	for
balance (on sth)	balance	on
balance A against B	balance	A	against	B
balance A with/and B	balance	A	with	and	B
balance between A and B	balance	between	A	and	B
balance sth	balance
balance sth (on sth)	balance	on
balance sth (out)	balance	out
bale sb (to do sth)	bale	to	do
bale sb↔out	bale	sb↔out
bale sth	bale
bale sth↔out	bale↔out
Balkanize sth	Balkanize
ball (into sth)	ball	into
ball sb	ball
ball sth (into sth)	ball	into
balloon (out/up)	balloon	out	up
ballot sb (on sth)	ballot	on
balls sth↔up	balls↔up
bamboozle sb	bamboozle
ban (on sth)	ban	on
ban sb from doing sth	ban	from	doing
ban sb from sth	ban	from
ban sth	ban
band sth	band
bandage sth (up)	bandage	up
bandy sth↔about/around	bandy↔about	around
bandy words (with sb)	bandy	words	with
bang about/around	bang	about	around
bang goes sth	bang	goes
bang into sth	bang	into
bang on about sth	bang	on	about
bang on sth	bang	on
bang sb	bang
bang sb↔up	bang	sb↔up
bang sth	bang
bang sth (+ adv./prep.)	bang	adv	prep
bang sth (with sth)	bang	with
bang sth + adv./prep.	bang	adv	prep
bang sth↔up	bang↔up
bang/knock your/their heads together	bang	knock	your	their	heads	together
banish sb (from…) (to…)	banish	from	to
banish sb/sth (from sth)	banish	from
bank (with/at…)	bank	with	at
bank doing sth	bank	doing
bank on sb/sth	bank	on
bank sth	bank
bank sth (up)	bank	up
bank to do sth	bank	to	do
bankroll sb/sth	bankroll
bankrupt (of sth)	bankrupt	of
bankrupt sb	bankrupt
banter (with sb)	banter	with
baptize sb (+ noun)	baptize	noun
bar (to sth)	bar	to
bar sb (from sth/from doing sth)	bar	from	from	doing
bar sth	bar
barbecue (sth)	barbecue
bare sth	bare
bare your soul (to sb)	bare	your	soul	to
bargain (with sb)	bargain	with
bargain (with sb) (about/over/for sth)	bargain	with	about	over	for
bargain doing sth	bargain	doing
bargain for/on sth	bargain	for	on
bargain sb doing sth	bargain	doing
bargain sth↔away	bargain↔away
barge adv./prep.	barge	adv	prep
barge in (on sb/sth)	barge	in	on
bark (at sb/sth)	bark	at
bark out sth	bark	out
bark sth	bark
bark sth (at sb)	bark	at
barnstorm (sth)	barnstorm
barrack (for) sb	barrack	for
barrack (sb)	barrack
barrage (of sth)	barrage	of
barrel adv./prep.	barrel	adv	prep
barricade sth	barricade
barricade yourself in/inside (sth)	barricade	yourself	in	inside
barrier against sth	barrier	against
barrier between A and B	barrier	between	A	and	B
barrier to sth	barrier	to
barter (with sb) (for sth)	barter	with	for
barter sth (for sth)	barter	for
base sb/sth/yourself in…	base	yourself	in
base sth on/upon sth	base	on	upon
based (on sth)	based	on
bash away (on/at sth)	bash	away	on	at
bash into sb/sth	bash	into
bash on (with sth)	bash	on	with
bash sb up	bash	up
bash sb/sth	bash
bash sth↔down/in	bash↔down	in
bash sth↔out	bash↔out
basic to sth	basic	to
basics (of sth)	basics	of
bask (in sth)	bask	in
bask in sth	bask	in
bastardize sth	bastardize
baste sth	baste
bat (sth)	bat
bat sth + adv./prep.	bat	adv	prep
bat sth↔around	bat↔around
bat your eyes/eyelashes	bat	your	eyes	eyelashes
batch (sth)	batch
bath sb	bath
bathe (sb)	bathe
bathe sth	bathe
bathe sth (in sth)	bathe	in
bathed in sth	bathed	in
batten on sb	batten	on
batten sth↔down	batten↔down
batter at/on sth	batter	at	on
batter sb	batter
batter sth	batter
batter sth↔down	batter↔down
battery (of sth)	battery	of
battle (against sth)	battle	against
battle (for sth)	battle	for
battle (with sb) (for sth)	battle	with	for
battle (with sth)	battle	with
battle for sth	battle	for
battle sth	battle
battle with/against sb/sth (for sth)	battle	with	against	for
baulk (at sth)	baulk	at
baulk sb (of sth)	baulk	of
bawl (at sb)	bawl	at
bawl (out) sth (at sb)	bawl	out	at
bawl sb↔out	bawl	sb↔out
bawl speech (+ out)	bawl	speech	out
bay (for sth)	bay	for
bayonet sb	bayonet
be (a) one for (doing) sth	be	a	one	for	doing
be (a) party to sth	be	a	party	to
be (a) witness to sth	be	a	witness	to
be (all) downhill	be	all	downhill
be (all) for the best	be	all	for	the	best
be (all) sweetness and light	be	all	sweetness	and	light
be (caught) in a cleft stick	be	caught	in	a	cleft	stick
be (dead) set against sth/against doing sth	be	dead	set	against	against	doing
be (just) good friends	be	just	good	friends
be (living) on borrowed time	be	living	on	borrowed	time
be (only) to be expected	be	only	to	be	expected
be (strictly) for the birds	be	strictly	for	the	birds
be (stuck) in a groove	be	stuck	in	a	groove
be (stuck) in a time warp	be	stuck	in	a	time	warp
be (that)…	be	that
be (well) in with sb	be	well	in	with
be a (good) sport	be	a	good	sport
be a (great/firm) believer in sth	be	a	great	firm	believer	in
be a bag/bundle of nerves	be	a	bag	bundle	of	nerves
be a dead ringer for sb	be	a	dead	ringer	for
be a double-edged sword/weapon	be	a	doubleedged	sword	weapon
be a good thing (that)…	be	a	good	thing	that
be a good/bad timekeeper	be	a	good	bad	timekeeper
be a great one for (doing) sth	be	a	great	one	for	doing
be a shadow/ghost of your former self	be	a	shadow	ghost	of	your	former	self
be able to count sb/sth on (the fingers of) one hand	be	able	to	count	on	the	fingers	of	one	hand
be able to do sth in your sleep	be	able	to	do	in	your	sleep
be about to do sth	be	about	to	do
be admitted that…	be	admitted	that
be admitted to be, have, etc. sth	be	admitted	to	be	have	etc
be adv./prep.	be	adv	prep
be afflicted with sth	be	afflicted	with
be after doing sth	be	after	doing
be after/out for sb's blood	be	after	out	for	sbs	blood
be agreed (on/about sth)	be	agreed	on	about
be agreed (that…)	be	agreed	that
be aimed at sth/at doing sth	be	aimed	at	at	doing
be all (fingers and) thumbs	be	all	fingers	and	thumbs
be all about sb/sth	be	all	about
be all for sth/for doing sth	be	all	for	for	doing
be all in sb's/the mind	be	all	in	sbs	the	mind
be all over sb	be	all	over
be all the same to sb	be	all	the	same	to
be all the world to sb	be	all	the	world	to
be all things to all men/people	be	all	things	to	all	men	people
be all up (with sb)	be	all	up	with
be alleged to be, have, etc. sth	be	alleged	to	be	have	etc
be another/a different matter	be	another	a	different	matter
be as clever, stupid, etc. as they come	be	as	clever	stupid	etc	as	they	come
be at odds (with sb) (over/on sth)	be	at	odds	with	over	on
be at odds (with sth)	be	at	odds	with
be at pains to do sth	be	at	pains	to	do
be at sb's command	be	at	sbs	command
be at the end of sth	be	at	the	end	of
be at/on the receiving end (of sth)	be	at	on	the	receiving	end	of
be bad news (for sb/sth)	be	bad	news	for
be badly off for sth	be	badly	off	for
be baffled (as to) why, how, where, etc…	be	baffled	as	to	why	how	where
be banded (+ adj.)	be	banded	adj
be banging, etc. your head against a brick wall	be	banging	etc	your	head	against	a	brick	wall
be better off (doing sth)	be	better	off	doing
be better/worse off (doing sth)	be	better	worse	off	doing
be beyond hope (of sth)	be	beyond	hope	of
be beyond sb	be	beyond
be bitten by sth	be	bitten	by
be blessed with sth/sb	be	blessed	with
be bombed out (of sth)	be	bombed	out	of
be bored, frightened, pissed, stoned, etc. out of your mind	be	bored	frightened	pissed	stoned	etc	out	of	your	mind
be born to be/do sth	be	born	to	be	do
be borne in on sb	be	borne	in	on
be bothered (about sb/sth)	be	bothered	about
be bothered about sth	be	bothered	about
be bound together by/in sth	be	bound	together	by	in
be bound up in sth	be	bound	up	in
be burnt, worn, etc. to a frazzle	be	burnt	worn	etc	to	a	frazzle
be bursting (with sth)	be	bursting	with
be bursting to do sth	be	bursting	to	do
be bursting/bulging at the seams	be	bursting	bulging	at	the	seams
be calculated to do sth	be	calculated	to	do
be cast down (by sth)	be	cast	down	by
be close to/near the mark	be	close	to	near	the	mark
be coining it (in)	be	coining	it	in
be common/public knowledge	be	common	public	knowledge
be crawling with sth	be	crawling	with
be cursed with sth	be	cursed	with
be curtains (for sb)	be	curtains	for
be cut out for sth	be	cut	out	for
be cut out to be sth	be	cut	out	to	be
be derived from sth	be	derived	from
be descended from sb	be	descended	from
be devoured by sth	be	devoured	by
be doing sth	be	doing
be down to sb	be	down	to
be down to sb/sth	be	down	to
be down to sth	be	down	to
be driven, pushed, etc. from pillar to post	be	driven	pushed	etc	from	pillar	to	post
be dying for sth/to do sth	be	dying	for	to	do
be embodied in sth	be	embodied	in
be employed in doing sth	be	employed	in	doing
be endowed with sth	be	endowed	with
be engraved on/in your heart, memory, mind, etc.	be	engraved	on	in	your	heart	memory	mind	etc
be ensconced (+adv./prep.)	be	ensconced	#NAME?	prep
be entailed in sth	be	entailed	in
be etched on your heart/memory/mind	be	etched	on	your	heart	memory	mind
be expecting a baby/child	be	expecting	a	baby	child
be faced with sth	be	faced	with
be falling/coming apart at the seams	be	falling	coming	apart	at	the	seams
be far/further/furthest removed from sth	be	far	further	furthest	removed	from
be feared to be/have sth	be	feared	to	be	have
be flooded with sth	be	flooded	with
be for me, you, etc.	be	for	me	you	etc
be for/in a good cause	be	for	in	a	good	cause
be frightened/nervous/scared of your own shadow	be	frightened	nervous	scared	of	your	own	shadow
be frightened/scared/terrified out of your wits	be	frightened	scared	terrified	out	of	your	wits
be from…	be	from
be gagging for sth/to do sth	be	gagging	for	to	do
be gasping (for sth)	be	gasping	for
be gathered + adv./prep.	be	gathered	adv	prep
be getting on for…	be	getting	on	for
be given to sth/to doing sth	be	given	to	to	doing
be glad, etc. to see the back of sb/sth	be	glad	etc	to	see	the	back	of
be glued to sth	be	glued	to
be going on (for) sth	be	going	on	for
be going to do sth	be	going	to	do
be good news (for sb/sth)	be	good	news	for
be grateful/thankful for small mercies	be	grateful	thankful	for	small	mercies
be greater/more than the sum of its parts	be	greater	more	than	the	sum	of	its	parts
be guaranteed to do sth	be	guaranteed	to	do
be gunning for sb	be	gunning	for
be gunning for sth	be	gunning	for
be hard on sb/sth	be	hard	on
be hard pressed/pushed to do sth	be	hard	pressed	pushed	to	do
be hard put (to it) to do sth	be	hard	put	to	it	to	do
be hard up for sth	be	hard	up	for
be heading for sth	be	heading	for
be held to be sth	be	held	to	be
be hoist/hoisted by/with your own petard	be	hoist	hoisted	by	with	your	own	petard
be identified with sb/sth	be	identified	with
be implicated in sth	be	implicated	in
be in a/the minority	be	in	a	the	minority
be in at sth	be	in	at
be in attendance (on sb)	be	in	attendance	on
be in bad, poor, the worst possible, etc. taste	be	in	bad	poor	the	worst	possible	etc	taste
be in cahoots (with sb)	be	in	cahoots	with
be in control (of sth)	be	in	control	of
be in for sth	be	in	for
be in good, the best possible, etc. taste	be	in	good	the	best	possible	etc	taste
be in good/bad odour (with sb)	be	in	good	bad	odour	with
be in hock (to sb)	be	in	hock	to
be in sb's confidence	be	in	sbs	confidence
be in sb's debt	be	in	sbs	debt
be in sb's gift	be	in	sbs	gift
be in sb's good graces	be	in	sbs	good	graces
be in sb's good/bad books	be	in	sbs	good	bad	books
be in sb's light	be	in	sbs	light
be in sb's pocket	be	in	sbs	pocket
be in sb's shoes	be	in	sbs	shoes
be in sth for the long haul	be	in	for	the	long	haul
be in the gift of sb	be	in	the	gift	of
be in the middle of sth/of doing sth	be	in	the	middle	of	of	doing
be in two minds about sth/about doing sth	be	in	two	minds	about	about	doing
be in with a chance (of doing sth)	be	in	with	a	chance	of	doing
be in with a shout (of sth/of doing sth)	be	in	with	a	shout	of	of	doing
be in, go into, etc. raptures (about/over sb/sth)	be	in	go	into	etc	raptures	about	over
be in/get into a state	be	in	get	into	a	state
be in/get into hot water	be	in	get	into	hot	water
be in/out of the frame	be	in	out	of	the	frame
be in/out of tune (with sb/sth)	be	in	out	of	tune	with
be in/take (holy) orders	be	in	take	holy	orders
be interspersed with/in sth	be	interspersed	with	in
be into sb for sth	be	into	for
be into sth	be	into
be known to do sth	be	known	to	do
be left over (from sth)	be	left	over	from
be light on sth	be	light	on
be like/as safe as Fort Knox	be	like	as	safe	as	Fort	Knox
be living proof of sth/that…	be	living	proof	of	that
be looking to do sth	be	looking	to	do
be lost in sth	be	lost	in
be lost on sb	be	lost	on
be mad for sb/sth	be	mad	for
be made to do sth	be	made	to	do
be man enough (to do sth/for sth)	be	man	enough	to	do	for
be meant to be sth	be	meant	to	be
be mine, yours, etc.	be	mine	yours	etc
be no bad thing (that)…	be	no	bad	thing	that
be no mean…	be	no	mean
be no use (to sb)	be	no	use	to
be no/a stranger to sth	be	no	a	stranger	to
be no/nobody's fool	be	no	nobodys	fool
be none the worse (for sth)	be	none	the	worse	for
be not a patch on sb/sth	be	not	a	patch	on
be not, never, etc. to be done	be	not	never	etc	to	be	done
be nothing to sb	be	nothing	to
be observed to do sth	be	observed	to	do
be of one/the same mind (about sb/sth)	be	of	one	the	same	mind	about
be of service (to sb)	be	of	service	to
be of the opinion that…	be	of	the	opinion	that
be of use (to sb)	be	of	use	to
be off for sth	be	off	for
be on a collision course (with sb/sth)	be	on	a	collision	course	with
be on about sth	be	on	about
be on for sth	be	on	for
be on good, friendly, bad, etc. terms (with sb)	be	on	good	friendly	bad	etc	terms	with
be on sb's back	be	on	sbs	back
be on sb's case	be	on	sbs	case
be on sb's side	be	on	sbs	side
be on sb's wavelength	be	on	sbs	wavelength
be on speaking terms (with sb)	be	on	speaking	terms	with
be on the lookout (for sb/sth)	be	on	the	lookout	for
be on the watch (for sb/sth)	be	on	the	watch	for
be on your/its last legs	be	on	your	its	last	legs
be on/off the danger list	be	on	off	the	danger	list
be onto sb	be	onto
be onto sth	be	onto
be out for sth/to do sth	be	out	for	to	do
be out of touch (with sb)	be	out	of	touch	with
be out of your mind with worry, etc.	be	out	of	your	mind	with	worry	etc
be patience, honesty, simplicity, etc. itself	be	patience	honesty	simplicity	etc	itself
be possessed of sth	be	possessed	of
be puffed up with pride, etc.	be	puffed	up	with	pride	etc
be pushing 40, 50, etc.	be	pushing	40	50	etc
be pushing up (the) daisies	be	pushing	up	the	daisies
be queuing up (for sth/to do sth)	be	queuing	up	for	to	do
be quick/fast on the draw	be	quick	fast	on	the	draw
be quick/slow on the uptake	be	quick	slow	on	the	uptake
be quits (with sb)	be	quits	with
be reckoned to do sth	be	reckoned	to	do
be recognized to be/have sth	be	recognized	to	be	have
be remembered as sth	be	remembered	as
be remembered for sth	be	remembered	for
be reported to be/have sth	be	reported	to	be	have
be revenged on sb	be	revenged	on
be rid of sb/sth	be	rid	of
be riddled with sth	be	riddled	with
be riveted to the spot/ground	be	riveted	to	the	spot	ground
be rolling in money/it	be	rolling	in	money	it
be rushed/run off your feet	be	rushed	run	off	your	feet
be sb's department	be	sbs	department
be sb's junior (by…)	be	sbs	junior	by
be sb's life	be	sbs	life
be sb's lookout	be	sbs	lookout
be sb's man	be	sbs	man
be sb's middle name	be	sbs	middle	name
be sb's pigeon	be	sbs	pigeon
be sb's strong suit	be	sbs	strong	suit
be scared/bored witless	be	scared	bored	witless
be seeing/hearing things	be	seeing	hearing	things
be seen to do sth	be	seen	to	do
be set on sth/on doing sth	be	set	on	on	doing
be shacked up with sb	be	shacked	up	with
be shorn of sth	be	shorn	of
be skating/walking on thin ice	be	skating	walking	on	thin	ice
be snowed in/up	be	snowed	in	up
be snowed under (with sth)	be	snowed	under	with
be sold on sth	be	sold	on
be sold out (of sth)	be	sold	out	of
be speaking (to sb)	be	speaking	to
be spotted with sth	be	spotted	with
be staring sb in the face	be	staring	in	the	face
be staring sth in the face	be	staring	in	the	face
be starving (for sth)	be	starving	for
be steeped in sth	be	steeped	in
be still/back in the game	be	still	back	in	the	game
be strong on sth	be	strong	on
be struck by/on/with sb/sth	be	struck	by	on	with
be sunk in sth	be	sunk	in
be supposed to do/be sth	be	supposed	to	do	be
be sure to do sth	be	sure	to	do
be sweet on sb	be	sweet	on
be taken aback (by sb/sth)	be	taken	aback	by
be taken up with sth/sb	be	taken	up	with
be taken with sb/sth	be	taken	with
be tarred with the same brush (as sb)	be	tarred	with	the	same	brush	as
be the butt of sth	be	the	butt	of
be the cat's whiskers/pyjamas	be	the	cats	whiskers	pyjamas
be the death of sb	be	the	death	of
be the despair of sb	be	the	despair	of
be the envy of sb/sth	be	the	envy	of
be the image of sb/sth	be	the	image	of
be the making of sb	be	the	making	of
be the picture of health, guilt, misery, etc.	be	the	picture	of	health	guilt	misery	etc
be the spitting image of sb	be	the	spitting	image	of
be there for sb	be	there	for
be thronged with sb/sth	be	thronged	with
be ticketed for sth	be	ticketed	for
be to blame (for sth)	be	to	blame	for
be to do sth	be	to	do
be togged out/up (in sth)	be	togged	out	up	in
be too much (for sb)	be	too	much	for
be torn (between A and B)	be	torn	between	A	and	B
be touched with sth	be	touched	with
be up to sb	be	up	to
be up to your (old) tricks	be	up	to	your	old	tricks
be up to your ears in sth	be	up	to	your	ears	in
be up to your eyeballs in sth	be	up	to	your	eyeballs	in
be up to your eyebrows in sth	be	up	to	your	eyebrows	in
be up to your eyes in sth	be	up	to	your	eyes	in
be up to your neck in sth	be	up	to	your	neck	in
be well off for sth	be	well	off	for
be well on the way to sth/doing sth	be	well	on	the	way	to	doing
be well out of sth	be	well	out	of
be well up in sth	be	well	up	in
be well, badly, etc. turned out	be	well	badly	etc	turned	out
be well, ideally, uniquely, better, etc. placed for sth/to do sth	be	well	ideally	uniquely	better	etc	placed	for	to	do
be well/better/badly, etc. off	be	well	better	badly	etc	off
be with me/you	be	with	me	you
be with sb (on sth)	be	with	on
be worse off (than sb/sth)	be	worse	off	than
be wrapped up in sb/sth	be	wrapped	up	in
be written all over sb's face	be	written	all	over	sbs	face
be your own man/woman	be	your	own	man	woman
be your own master/mistress	be	your	own	master	mistress
be your/sb's baby	be	your	sbs	baby
be, become, etc. out of touch (with sth)	be	become	etc	out	of	touch	with
be, come, etc. on line	be	come	etc	on	line
be, come, etc. within a whisker of sth/doing sth	be	come	etc	within	a	whisker	of	doing
be, feel, look, taste, etc. like nothing on earth	be	feel	look	taste	etc	like	nothing	on	earth
be, get, keep, etc. in touch (with sb)	be	get	keep	etc	in	touch	with
be, keep, etc. in touch (with sth)	be	keep	etc	in	touch	with
be, seem, etc. herself	be	seem	etc	herself
be, seem, etc. himself	be	seem	etc	himself
be…years sb's junior	beyears	sbs	junior
be/act your age	be	act	your	age
be/be born/be made that way	be	be	born	be	made	that	way
be/become a figure of fun	be	become	a	figure	of	fun
be/come a poor second, third, etc.	be	come	a	poor	second	third	etc
be/come on stream	be	come	on	stream
be/come to the fore	be	come	to	the	fore
be/come under fire	be	come	under	fire
be/do sth for your sins	be	do	for	your	sins
be/fall prey to sth	be	fall	prey	to
be/feel flattered	be	feel	flattered
be/feel hard done by	be	feel	hard	done	by
be/feel honoured (to do sth)	be	feel	honoured	to	do
be/feel like jelly	be	feel	like	jelly
be/feel sorry for sb	be	feel	sorry	for
be/get (all) riled up	be	get	all	riled	up
be/get (all) steamed up (about/over sth)	be	get	all	steamed	up	about	over
be/get beyond a joke	be	get	beyond	a	joke
be/get carried away	be	get	carried	away
be/get caught up in sth	be	get	caught	up	in
be/get done for sth/for doing sth	be	get	done	for	for	doing
be/get even (with sb)	be	get	even	with
be/get in a sweat (about sth)	be	get	in	a	sweat	about
be/get in on sth	be	get	in	on
be/get in on the act	be	get	in	on	the	act
be/get in on the ground floor	be	get	in	on	the	ground	floor
be/get mixed up in sth	be	get	mixed	up	in
be/get mixed up with sb	be	get	mixed	up	with
be/get on your high horse	be	get	on	your	high	horse
be/get out of line	be	get	out	of	line
be/get shot of sb/sth	be	get	shot	of
be/get tensed up	be	get	tensed	up
be/get too big for your boots	be	get	too	big	for	your	boots
be/get up with the lark	be	get	up	with	the	lark
be/get wise to sb/sth	be	get	wise	to
be/get/out of practice	be	get	out	of	practice
be/get/run/etc. out of control	be	get	run	etc	out	of	control
be/go (out) on the razzle	be	go	out	on	the	razzle
be/go against the grain	be	go	against	the	grain
be/go down with sth	be	go	down	with
be/go on (the) record (as saying…)	be	go	on	the	record	as	saying
be/go on the wagon	be	go	on	the	wagon
be/go out like a light	be	go	out	like	a	light
be/go out of your mind	be	go	out	of	your	mind
be/go up the spout	be	go	up	the	spout
be/go/keep on about sth	be	go	keep	on	about
be/go/keep on at sb (to do sth)	be	go	keep	on	at	to	do
be/have done with sb/sth	be	have	done	with
be/have nothing to do with sb/sth	be	have	nothing	to	do	with
be/have to do with sb/sth	be	have	to	do	with
be/lie at the bottom of sth	be	lie	at	the	bottom	of
be/live in clover	be	live	in	clover
be/live in each other's pockets	be	live	in	each	others	pockets
be/look a picture	be	look	a	picture
be/make a hit (with sb)	be	make	a	hit	with
be/make friends (with sb)	be	make	friends	with
be/make so bold (as to do sth)	be	make	so	bold	as	to	do
be/run in your blood	be	run	in	your	blood
be/stand head and shoulders above sb/sth	be	stand	head	and	shoulders	above
be/stand in awe of sb/sth	be	stand	in	awe	of
be/work to your advantage	be	work	to	your	advantage
beach (sth)	beach
beaded with sth	beaded	with
beam (at sb)	beam	at
beam (with sth)	beam	with
beam adv./prep.	beam	adv	prep
beam sb down/up	beam	down	up
beam sth (at sb)	beam	at
bean sb	bean
bear doing sth	bear	doing
bear down on sb/sth	bear	down	on
bear hard, heavily, severely, etc. on sb	bear	hard	heavily	severely	etc	on
bear on sth	bear	on
bear sb doing sth	bear	doing
bear sb sth	bear
bear sb/sth	bear
bear sb/sth↔out	bear	sb↔out
bear sth	bear
bear sth (against/towards sb)	bear	against	towards
bear to do sth	bear	to	do
bear up (against/under sth)	bear	up	against	under
bear with sb/sth	bear	with
bear yourself well, etc.	bear	yourself	well	etc
bear, take, etc. the brunt of sth	bear	take	etc	the	brunt	of
bear/give witness (to sth)	bear	give	witness	to
bear/keep in mind that…	bear	keep	in	mind	that
bear/keep sb/sth in mind	bear	keep	in	mind
bearing on sth	bearing	on
beat a (hasty) retreat	beat	a	hasty	retreat
beat A and B together	beat	A	and	B	together
beat a path to sb's door	beat	a	path	to	sbs	door
beat adv./prep.	beat	adv	prep
beat down (on sb/sth)	beat	down	on
beat on sb	beat	on
beat sb	beat
beat sb (at sth)	beat	at
beat sb + adj.	beat	adj
beat sb + adv./prep.	beat	adv	prep
beat sb at their own game	beat	at	their	own	game
beat sb out of sth	beat	out	of
beat sb to it	beat	to	it
beat sb to sth/…	beat	to
beat sb to the punch	beat	to	the	punch
beat sb why, how, etc…	beat	why	how
beat sb/sth down (to sth)	beat	down	to
beat sb/sth↔off	beat	sb↔off
beat sb↔up	beat	sb↔up
beat sth	beat
beat sth (out) (into sth)	beat	out	into
beat sth (through, across, along, etc. sth)	beat	through	across	along	etc
beat sth (up)	beat	up
beat sth + adj.	beat	adj
beat sth + adv./prep.	beat	adv	prep
beat sth out of sb	beat	out	of
beat sth↔down	beat↔down
beat sth↔out	beat↔out
beat time (to sth)	beat	time	to
beat up on sb	beat	up	on
beat yourself up (about/over sth)	beat	yourself	up	about	over
beat, kick, etc. the shit out of sb	beat	kick	etc	the	shit	out	of
beat/bang the drum (for sb/sth)	beat	bang	the	drum	for
beat/kick (the) hell out of sb/sth	beat	kick	the	hell	out	of
beat/knock the (living) daylights out of sb	beat	knock	the	living	daylights	out	of
beatify sb	beatify
beautify sb/sth	beautify
beaver away (at sth)	beaver	away	at
beckon sb	beckon
beckon sb (+ adv./prep.)	beckon	adv	prep
beckon sb to do sth	beckon	to	do
beckon to sb (to do sth)	beckon	to	to	do
become sb	become
bed of sth	bed	of
bed sb	bed
bed sth (in sth)	bed	in
bedazzle sb	bedazzle
bedeck sth/sb (with/in sth)	bedeck	with	in
bedevil sb/sth	bedevil
beef (about sb/sth)	beef	about
beef sth↔up	beef↔up
beep sb	beep
beep sth	beep
beetle adv./prep.	beetle	adv	prep
befall sb	befall
befog sb	befog
before my, your, his, etc. time	before	my	your	his	etc	time
before/in front of sb's (very) eyes	before	in	front	of	sbs	very	eyes
befriend sb	befriend
beg (for sth)	beg	for
beg (sb) + speech	beg	speech
beg for sth (from sb)	beg	for	from
beg leave to do sth	beg	leave	to	do
beg of sb	beg	of
beg sb (for sth)	beg	for
beg sb to do sth	beg	to	do
beg sb's pardon	beg	sbs	pardon
beg sth (from sb)	beg	from
beg sth (of/from sb)	beg	of	from
beg that…	beg	that
beg to do sth	beg	to	do
beget sb	beget
beget sth	beget
beggar belief/description	beggar	belief	description
beggar sb/sth/yourself	beggar	yourself
begin as sth	begin	as
begin at…	begin	at
begin at/with sth	begin	at	with
begin by doing sth	begin	by	doing
begin doing sth	begin	doing
begin sth	begin
begin sth as sth	begin	as
begin sth at/with sth	begin	at	with
begin to do sth	begin	to	do
begin with sth	begin	with
beginning (of sth)	beginning	of
begrudge doing sth	begrudge	doing
begrudge sb doing sth	begrudge	doing
begrudge sb sth	begrudge
begrudge sth	begrudge
beguile sb	beguile
beguile sb (into doing sth)	beguile	into	doing
behave adv./prep.	behave	adv	prep
behave/act as if you own the place	behave	act	as	if	you	own	the	place
behead sb	behead
behind (in sth)	behind	in
behind (with sth)	behind	with
behind sb's back	behind	sbs	back
behindhand (with/in sth)	behindhand	with	in
behold sb/sth	behold
beholden to sb (for sth)	beholden	to	for
belay (sth/sb)	belay
belch (out/forth) (sth)	belch	out	forth
belie sth	belie
belief (in sth/sb)	belief	in
belief (that…)	belief	that
believe (that)…	believe	that
believe (you) me	believe	you	me
believe doing sth	believe	doing
believe how, what, etc…	believe	how	what
believe in sb	believe	in
believe in sb/sth	believe	in
believe in sth	believe	in
believe sb	believe
believe sb/sth + adj.	believe	adj
believe sb/sth to be, have, etc. sth	believe	to	be	have	etc
believe sth	believe
believe sth of sb	believe	of
belittle sb/sth	belittle
bellow (at sb)	bellow	at
bellow sth (at sb)	bellow	at
belly (out)	belly	out
belong adv./prep.	belong	adv	prep
belong to sb	belong	to
belong to sth	belong	to
beloved by/of sb	beloved	by	of
below/under par	below	under	par
below/under the radar	below	under	the	radar
belt adv./prep.	belt	adv	prep
belt sb/sth	belt
belt sth	belt
belt sth↔out	belt↔out
bemoan sth	bemoan
bemuse sb	bemuse
benchmark sth (against sth)	benchmark	against
bend (sth)	bend
bend adv./prep.	bend	adv	prep
bend sb to sth	bend	to
bend sb's ear (about sth)	bend	sbs	ear	about
bend sth	bend
bend sth (+ adv./prep.)	bend	adv	prep
bend your mind/efforts to sth	bend	your	mind	efforts	to
bend/lean over backwards (to do sth)	bend	lean	over	backwards	to	do
bend/stretch the rules	bend	stretch	the	rules
beneficial (to sth/sb)	beneficial	to
beneficiary (of sth)	beneficiary	of
benefit (from/by sth)	benefit	from	by
benefit sb	benefit
bent (for sth)	bent	for
bent on sth/on doing sth	bent	on	on	doing
bequeath sb sth	bequeath
bequeath sth (to sb)	bequeath	to
berate sb/yourself	berate	yourself
bereft of sth	bereft	of
berth (sth)	berth
beseech sb (to do sth)	beseech	to	do
beset sb/sth	beset
beside yourself (with sth)	beside	yourself	with
besiege sb (with sth)	besiege	with
besiege sb/sth	besiege
besiege sth	besiege
besmirch sb/sth	besmirch
besotted (by/with sb/sth)	besotted	by	with
bespatter sth	bespatter
bespeak sth	bespeak
best sb	best
bestow sth (on/upon sb)	bestow	on	upon
bestride sth	bestride
bet (sb) (sth) (that…)	bet	that
bet (that)…	bet	that
bet on sth	bet	on
bet on/against sth	bet	on	against
bet sb (that)…	bet	that
bet sth (on sth)	bet	on
beta-test sth	betatest
betake yourself + adv./prep.	betake	yourself	adv	prep
betoken sth	betoken
betray sb/sth	betray
betray sb/sth to sb	betray	to
betray sth	betray
betrothal (to sb)	betrothal	to
betrothed (to sb)	betrothed	to
better sth	better
better the devil you know (than the devil you don't)	better	the	devil	you	know	than	the	devil	you	dont
between doing sth	between	doing
bewail sth	bewail
beware (of) doing sth	beware	of	doing
beware of sb/sth	beware	of
beware sb/sth	beware
bewilder sb	bewilder
bewitch sb	bewitch
beyond (any) doubt	beyond	any	doubt
beyond sb's wildest dreams	beyond	sbs	wildest	dreams
beyond/past redemption	beyond	past	redemption
beyond/within the realms of possibility	beyond	within	the	realms	of	possibility
beyond/without compare	beyond	without	compare
bias sb/sth (toward(s)/against/in favour of sb/sth)	bias	towards	against	in	favour	of
bias sth	bias
biased (toward(s)/against/in favour of sb/sth)	biased	towards	against	in	favour	of
biased toward(s) sth/sb	biased	towards
bicker (about/over sth)	bicker	about	over
bicycle adv./prep.	bicycle	adv	prep
bid (against sb)	bid	against
bid (for sth)	bid	for
bid (on sth)	bid	on
bid (sth)	bid
bid (sth) (for sth)	bid	for
bid (to do sth)	bid	to	do
bid for sth	bid	for
bid sb (do sth)	bid	do
bid to do sth	bid	to	do
biff sb	biff
big in…	big	in
big of sb	big	of
big sb/sth↔up	big	sb↔up
bike adv./prep.	bike	adv	prep
bike sth (+ adv./prep.)	bike	adv	prep
bilk sb (out of sth)	bilk	out	of
bilk sth (from sb)	bilk	from
bill sb (for sth)	bill	for
bill sb/sth as sth	bill	as
bill sb/sth to do sth	bill	to	do
billet adv./prep.	billet	adv	prep
bin sth	bin
bind (together)	bind	together
bind A (and B) (together)	bind	A	and	B	together
bind A to B	bind	A	to	B
bind sb (to sth)	bind	to
bind sb over	bind	over
bind sb to do sth	bind	to	do
bind sb/sth	bind
bind sb/sth to sth	bind	to
bind sb/sth together	bind	together
bind sth (in sth)	bind	in
bind sth (together)	bind	together
bind sth (up)	bind	up
bind sth (with sth)	bind	with
bind/tie sb hand and foot	bind	tie	hand	and	foot
binding (on/upon sb)	binding	on	upon
binge (on sth)	binge	on
bird (sth)	bird
birds of a feather (flock together)	birds	of	a	feather	flock	together
bisect sth	bisect
bit of sth	bit	of
bitch (about sb/sth)	bitch	about
bite back (at sb/sth)	bite	back	at
bite into sth	bite	into
bite into/through sth	bite	into	through
bite off sth/sth off	bite	off	off
bite sb	bite
bite sb/sth	bite
bite sth↔back	bite↔back
bite/snap sb's head off	bite	snap	sbs	head	off
bitmap sth	bitmap
bits and pieces/bobs	bits	and	pieces	bobs
blab (sth) (to sb)	blab	to
blab (to sb) (about sth)	blab	to	about
blabber (on) (about sth)	blabber	on	about
black sth	black
black sth/sb	black
black sth↔out	black↔out
blackball sb	blackball
blacken (sth)	blacken
blacklist sb/sth	blacklist
blackmail sb	blackmail
blackmail sb into doing sth	blackmail	into	doing
blag sth	blag
blame (for sth)	blame	for
blame sb/sth (for sth)	blame	for
blame sth on sb/sth	blame	on
blanch (at sth)	blanch	at
blanch sth	blanch
blank sb	blank
blank sth↔out	blank↔out
blanket of sth	blanket	of
blanket sth	blanket
blare sth (out)	blare	out
blasé (about sth)	blasé	about
blaspheme (sb/sth)	blaspheme
blast (out)	blast	out
blast (sth) (+ adv./prep.)	blast	adv	prep
blast sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	blast	adv	prep
blast sb/sth (for sth/for doing sth)	blast	for	for	doing
blast sth	blast
blast sth (out)	blast	out
blather (on) (about sth)	blather	on	about
blaze (away)	blaze	away
blaze (with sth)	blaze	with
blaze sth (across/all over sth)	blaze	across	all	over
blazon sth (on/across/over sth)	blazon	on	across	over
bleach sth	bleach
bleach sth + adj.	bleach	adj
bleat (on) (about sth)	bleat	on	about
bleat that…	bleat	that
bleed (into sth)	bleed	into
bleed sb	bleed
bleed sb (for sth)	bleed	for
bleed sb dry	bleed	dry
bleed sth	bleed
bleep sb	bleep
bleep sth (out)	bleep	out
blemish sth	blemish
blend (sth) (together)	blend	together
blend (together)	blend	together
blend A and B (together)	blend	A	and	B	together
blend A with B	blend	A	with	B
blend in (with sth/sb)	blend	in	with
blend into sth	blend	into
blend sth	blend
blend sth (and/with sth)	blend	and	with
blend sth↔in	blend↔in
blend with sth	blend	with
blend/fade into the woodwork	blend	fade	into	the	woodwork
bless sb/sth	bless
bless sth	bless
bless you, her, him, etc.	bless	you	her	him	etc
blight (on sb/sth)	blight	on
blight sth	blight
blind (to sth)	blind	to
blind sb	blind
blind sb (to sth)	blind	to
blind sb with science	blind	with	science
blind sb/sth	blind
blindfold sb	blindfold
blindside sb	blindside
blink (sth)	blink
blink sth↔away/back	blink↔away	back
blister (sth)	blister
blister sb	blister
blister sth	blister
blitz on sth	blitz	on
blitz sth	blitz
bloat sth	bloat
block sb/sth↔in	block	sb↔in
block sth	block
block sth↔in	block↔in
block sth↔off	block↔off
block sth↔out	block↔out
block sth↔up	block↔up
blockade sth	blockade
blood sb	blood
blossom into sth	blossom	into
blot (on sth)	blot	on
blot sth	blot
blot sth (up)	blot	up
blot sth↔out	blot↔out
blow (sth)	blow
blow (to sb/sth)	blow	to
blow adv./prep.	blow	adv	prep
blow hot and cold (about sth)	blow	hot	and	cold	about
blow into sth	blow	into
blow sb/sth	blow
blow sb/sth out of the water	blow	out	of	the	water
blow sb/sth to kingdom come	blow	to	kingdom	come
blow sb↔away	blow	sb↔away
blow sb↔off	blow	sb↔off
blow sb↔out	blow	sb↔out
blow smoke (up sb's ass)	blow	smoke	up	sbs	ass
blow sth	blow
blow sth (on sth)	blow	on
blow sth + adj.	blow	adj
blow sth + adv./prep.	blow	adv	prep
blow sth↔apart	blow↔apart
blow sth↔off	blow↔off
blow sth↔out	blow↔out
blow sth↔up	blow↔up
blow the gaff (on sb/sth)	blow	the	gaff	on
blow the whistle on sb/sth	blow	the	whistle	on
blow up (at sb)	blow	up	at
blow up in sb's face	blow	up	in	sbs	face
blow your/sb's brains out	blow	your	sbs	brains	out
blow-dry sth	blowdry
blow/clear the cobwebs away	blow	clear	the	cobwebs	away
blow/knock sb's socks off	blow	knock	sbs	socks	off
blow/sod that for a lark	blow	sod	that	for	a	lark
blow/toot your own horn	blow	toot	your	own	horn
bludge sth	bludge
bludgeon sb	bludgeon
bludgeon sb (into sth/into doing sth)	bludgeon	into	into	doing
blueprint (for sth)	blueprint	for
bluff (sth)	bluff
bluff sb into doing sth	bluff	into	doing
bluff your way in/out/through	bluff	your	way	in	out	through
bluff your way into/out of/through sth	bluff	your	way	into	out	of	through
blunder about, around, etc.	blunder	about	around	etc
blunder into sth	blunder	into
blunt sth	blunt
blur (sth)	blur
blur sth	blur
blurt sth (out)	blurt	out
blurt that…	blurt	that
blurt what, how, etc…	blurt	what	how
blush (with sth) (at sth)	blush	with	at
blush adj./noun	blush	adj	noun
blush to do sth	blush	to	do
bluster (sth)	bluster
board at…/with sb	board	at	with
board sb out	board	out
board sth	board
board sth↔up	board↔up
boast (that…)	boast	that
boast about sth	boast	about
boast of sth	boast	of
boast sth	boast
boast that…	boast	that
bob sth	bob
bob sth (up and down)	bob	up	and	down
bobble adv./prep.	bobble	adv	prep
bobble sth	bobble
bode well/ill (for sb/sth)	bode	well	ill	for
bodge sth (up/together)	bodge	up	together
body of sth	body	of
bog sth/sb down (in sth)	bog	down	in
boggle (at sth)	boggle	at
boil (with sth)	boil	with
boil down to sth	boil	down	to
boil sb sth	boil
boil sth	boil
boil sth down (to sth)	boil	down	to
boil sth↔down	boil↔down
boil sth↔up	boil↔up
bolster sth	bolster
bolster sth up	bolster	up
bolt (sth)	bolt
bolt A and B together	bolt	A	and	B	together
bolt A to B	bolt	A	to	B
bolt adv./prep.	bolt	adv	prep
bolt sth (down)	bolt	down
bomb (sth)	bomb
bomb adv./prep.	bomb	adv	prep
bomb sth	bomb
bombard sb/sth (with sth)	bombard	with
bond (A and B) together	bond	A	and	B	together
bond (A) to B	bond	A	to	B
bond (between A and B)	bond	between	A	and	B
bond (with sb)	bond	with
bond sth	bond
bone sth	bone
bone up on sth	bone	up	on
bonk (sb)	bonk
bonk sth	bonk
boo sb	boo
booby-trap sth	boobytrap
book in/into sth	book	in	into
book sb	book
book sb (for sth)	book	for
book sb + adv./prep.	book	adv	prep
book sb in/into sth	book	in	into
book sb sth (+ adv./prep.)	book	adv	prep
book sb/sth (for sth)	book	for
book sth	book
bookmark sth	bookmark
boom (out)	boom	out
boom in sth	boom	in
boon (to/for sb)	boon	to	for
boost sth	boost
boot (sth) (up)	boot	up
boot sb↔out (of sth)	boot	sb↔out	of
boot sth + adv./prep.	boot	adv	prep
bootleg sth	bootleg
bop sb	bop
border on sth	border	on
border sth	border
bore into sb/sth	bore	into
bore into/through sth	bore	into	through
bore sb	bore
bore sb with sth	bore	with
bore sth (in/through sth)	bore	in	through
bore, scare, etc. the pants off sb	bore	scare	etc	the	pants	off
bored to death/tears	bored	to	death	tears
bored with doing sth	bored	with	doing
bored with sb/sth	bored	with
born (out) of sth	born	out	of
born into sth	born	into
born of/to sb	born	of	to
borrow (from sb/sth)	borrow	from
borrow sth	borrow
borrow sth (from sb/sth)	borrow	from
borrow sth from sb/sth	borrow	from
borrow sth off sb	borrow	off
boss sb (about/around)	boss	about	around
botch sth (up)	botch	up
bother doing sth	bother	doing
bother sb	bother
bother sb that…	bother	that
bother sb with sth	bother	with
bother to do sth	bother	to	do
bother with/about sth	bother	with	about
Botox sb/sth	Botox
bottle out (of sth/doing sth)	bottle	out	of	doing
bottle sth	bottle
bottle sth↔up	bottle↔up
bottle-feed (sb)	bottlefeed
bottom (of sth)	bottom	of
bounce (sth)	bounce
bounce (sth) (back)	bounce	back
bounce (sth) (up and down)	bounce	up	and	down
bounce (up and down) (on sth)	bounce	up	and	down	on
bounce adv./prep.	bounce	adv	prep
bounce back (from sth)	bounce	back	from
bounce off sth	bounce	off
bounce sb (from sth)	bounce	from
bounce sb (up and down) (on sth)	bounce	up	and	down	on
bounce sb into sth	bounce	into
bounce sth (against/on/off sth)	bounce	against	on	off
bounce sth↔ back	bounce↔	back
bouncing (with sth)	bouncing	with
bound (by sth) to do sth	bound	by	to	do
bound adv./prep.	bound	adv	prep
bound by sth	bound	by
bound for…	bound	for
bound sth	bound
bound to do/be sth	bound	to	do	be
bound up with sth	bound	up	with
bout (of sth)	bout	of
bout of sth/of doing sth	bout	of	of	doing
bow (sth)	bow
bow (to/before sb/sth)	bow	to	before
bow adv./prep.	bow	adv	prep
bow down (to/before sb/sth)	bow	down	to	before
bow down to sb/sth	bow	down	to
bow out (of sth)	bow	out	of
bow sth (+ adv./prep.)	bow	adv	prep
bow to sth	bow	to
bowdlerize sth	bowdlerize
bowl (sth)	bowl
bowl adv./prep.	bowl	adv	prep
bowl sb (out)	bowl	out
bowl sb over	bowl	over
box (sb)	box
box sb's ears	box	sbs	ears
box sb/sth in	box	in
box sth (up)	box	up
boycott (of sth)	boycott	of
boycott (on sth)	boycott	on
boycott sth	boycott
braai (sth)	braai
brace sb/yourself (for sth)	brace	yourself	for
brace sb/yourself (to do sth)	brace	yourself	to	do
brace sth	brace
brace sth/yourself (against sth)	brace	yourself	against
bracket A (together) with B	bracket	A	together	with	B
bracket A and B (together)	bracket	A	and	B	together
bracket sth	bracket
brag (to sb) (about/of sth)	brag	to	about	of
brag that…	brag	that
braid sth	braid
brain sb/sth/yourself	brain	yourself
brainstorm (sth)	brainstorm
brainwash sb	brainwash
brainwash sb into doing sth	brainwash	into	doing
braise sth	braise
brake (on sth)	brake	on
brake sth	brake
branch out (into sth)	branch	out	into
brand sb + noun/adj.	brand	noun	adj
brand sb as sth	brand	as
brand sth (with sth)	brand	with
brandish sth	brandish
brass neck/nerve	brass	neck	nerve
brave sb/sth	brave
breach of sth	breach	of
breach sth	breach
break (for sth)	break	for
break (in sth)	break	in
break (sb/sth)	break
break (with sb/sth)	break	with
break away (from sb/sth)	break	away	from
break for sth	break	for
break in (on sth)	break	in	on
break in/into sth	break	in	into
break into sth	break	into
break of day/dawn	break	of	day	dawn
break out (of sth)	break	out	of
break out in sth	break	out	in
break sb	break
break sb's fall	break	sbs	fall
break sb's heart	break	sbs	heart
break sb/sth in	break	in
break sth	break
break sth in/into sth	break	in	into
break sth↔down	break↔down
break sth↔off	break↔off
break sth↔up	break↔up
break the back of sth	break	the	back	of
break the mold (of sth)	break	the	mold	of
break the mould (of sth)	break	the	mould	of
break the news (to sb)	break	the	news	to
break through sth	break	through
break up (with sb)	break	up	with
break with sth	break	with
break/cut/tear (sb/sth) loose from sb/sth	break	cut	tear	loose	from
break/keep faith with sb	break	keep	faith	with
breakfast (on sth)	breakfast	on
breast sth	breast
breastfeed (sb)	breastfeed
breath of sth	breath	of
breathalyse sb	breathalyse
breathe (easily/freely) again	breathe	easily	freely	again
breathe (new) life into sth	breathe	new	life	into
breathe down sb's neck	breathe	down	sbs	neck
breathe sth	breathe
breathe sth (+ adv./prep.)	breathe	adv	prep
breathe sth↔in	breathe↔in
breathe sth↔out	breathe↔out
breathe/rest easy	breathe	rest	easy
breathless with sth	breathless	with
breed sth	breed
breed sth (for/as sth)	breed	for	as
breed sth into sb	breed	into
breeding ground (for sth)	breeding	ground	for
breeze adv./prep.	breeze	adv	prep
breeze through sth	breeze	through
brew (up)	brew	up
brew sth	brew
brew sth↔up	brew↔up
bribe sb (with sth)	bribe	with
bribe sb into doing sth	bribe	into	doing
bribe sb to do sth	bribe	to	do
bribe your way…	bribe	your	way
brick sth↔in/up	brick↔in	up
bridge sth	bridge
bridge the gap/gulf/divide (between A and B)	bridge	the	gap	gulf	divide	between	A	and	B
bridle (at sth)	bridle	at
bridle sth	bridle
brief sb	brief
brief sb (to do sth)	brief	to	do
brief sb on/about sth	brief	on	about
brighten (sth) (up)	brighten	up
brighten (up)	brighten	up
brighten sth	brighten
brighten sth (up)	brighten	up
brim over (with sth)	brim	over	with
brim with sth	brim	with
brimful of sth	brimful	of
bring A and B together	bring	A	and	B	together
bring down the curtain on sth	bring	down	the	curtain	on
bring in sth	bring	in
bring out the worst in sb	bring	out	the	worst	in
bring sb (back) down to earth (with a bang/bump)	bring	back	down	to	earth	with	a	bang	bump
bring sb around	bring	around
bring sb in sth	bring	in
bring sb out in sth	bring	out	in
bring sb out of himself, herself, etc.	bring	out	of	himself	herself	etc
bring sb round	bring	round
bring sb round (to sth)	bring	round	to
bring sb round (to…)	bring	round	to
bring sb sth	bring
bring sb sth↔back	bring	sb↔back
bring sb to	bring	to
bring sb to book (for sth)	bring	to	book	for
bring sb to justice	bring	to	justice
bring sb to their knees	bring	to	their	knees
bring sb up against sth	bring	up	against
bring sb/sth (with you)	bring	with	you
bring sb/sth + adv./prep.	bring	adv	prep
bring sb/sth before sb	bring	before
bring sb/sth running	bring	running
bring sb/sth sth	bring
bring sb/sth to heel	bring	to	heel
bring sb/sth to life	bring	to	life
bring sb/sth to sth	bring	to
bring sb/sth, come, get, fall, etc. into line (with sb/sth)	bring	come	get	fall	etc	into	line	with
bring sb/sth↔back	bring	sb↔back
bring sb/sth↔forth	bring	sb↔forth
bring sb/sth↔in	bring	sb↔in
bring sb↔down	bring	sb↔down
bring sb↔in	bring	sb↔in
bring sb↔on	bring	sb↔on
bring sb↔out	bring	sb↔out
bring sb↔up	bring	sb↔up
bring sth	bring
bring sth (against sb)	bring	against
bring sth alive	bring	alive
bring sth around to sth	bring	around	to
bring sth for sb	bring	for
bring sth home to sb	bring	home	to
bring sth in its train	bring	in	its	train
bring sth into force	bring	into	force
bring sth on yourself/sb	bring	on	yourself
bring sth round to sth	bring	round	to
bring sth to a grinding halt	bring	to	a	grinding	halt
bring sth to a head	bring	to	a	head
bring sth to bear (on sb/sth)	bring	to	bear	on
bring sth to its knees	bring	to	its	knees
bring sth to light	bring	to	light
bring sth to sb/sth	bring	to
bring sth to the fore	bring	to	the	fore
bring sth to the party/table	bring	to	the	party	table
bring sth↔about	bring↔about
bring sth↔back	bring↔back
bring sth↔back (for sb)	bring↔back	for
bring sth↔down	bring↔down
bring sth↔forward	bring↔forward
bring sth↔off	bring↔off
bring sth↔on	bring↔on
bring sth↔out	bring↔out
bring sth↔up	bring↔up
bring the curtain down on sth	bring	the	curtain	down	on
bring to do sth	bring	to	do
bring yourself to do sth	bring	yourself	to	do
bring/call sb/sth to mind	bring	call	to	mind
bring/get/keep sth under control	bring	get	keep	under	control
bring/press/prefer charges against sb	bring	press	prefer	charges	against
bring/put down the shutters	bring	put	down	the	shutters
bring/put sth into effect	bring	put	into	effect
bring/take sb down a peg (or two)	bring	take	down	a	peg	or	two
bring/throw sth into question	bring	throw	into	question
bristle (with sth) (at sth)	bristle	with	at
bristle with sth	bristle	with
broach sth (to/with sb)	broach	to	with
broadcast (sth)	broadcast
broadcast sth	broadcast
broaden (sth)	broaden
broaden sth	broaden
broadside sth	broadside
broil (sb)	broil
broil sth	broil
broker sth	broker
brood (over/on/about sth)	brood	over	on	about
brood (sth)	brood
browbeat sb (into doing sth)	browbeat	into	doing
brown sth	brown
brown-bag sth	brownbag
browned off (with sb/sth)	browned	off	with
browse (on sth)	browse	on
browse (sth)	browse
browse (through) sth	browse	through
browse sth	browse
Bruce, Robert (the)	Bruce	Robert	the
bruise sb	bruise
bruise sth	bruise
bruit sth (about)	bruit	about
brush A with B	brush	A	with	B
brush against/by/past sb/sth	brush	against	by	past
brush sb/sth↔aside	brush	sb↔aside
brush sb/yourself down	brush	yourself	down
brush sb/yourself off	brush	yourself	off
brush sb↔off	brush	sb↔off
brush sth	brush
brush sth + adj.	brush	adj
brush sth + adv./prep.	brush	adv	prep
brush sth with sth	brush	with
brush sth↔down	brush↔down
brush sth↔up	brush↔up
brush up on sth	brush	up	on
brush with sb/sth	brush	with
brutalize sb	brutalize
bubble (over) with sth	bubble	over	with
bubble adv./prep.	bubble	adv	prep
buck sb up	buck	up
buck sth	buck
buckle (sth on/up)	buckle	on	up
buckle (sth)	buckle
buckle down (to sth)	buckle	down	to
buckle sth	buckle
buddy up (to/with sb)	buddy	up	to	with
budge sb	budge
budge sth	budge
budget for sth	budget	for
budget sth (at sth)	budget	at
budget sth (for sth)	budget	for
buff sb/sth up	buff	up
buff sth (up)	buff	up
buffer (against sth)	buffer	against
buffer (between sth and sth)	buffer	between	and
buffer sb (against sth)	buffer	against
buffer sth	buffer
buffet sb/sth	buffet
bug sb	bug
bug sth	bug
bug the hell/crap/shit out of sb	bug	the	hell	crap	shit	out	of
bugger about/around	bugger	about	around
bugger sb	bugger
bugger sb about/around	bugger	about	around
bugger sth	bugger
bugger sth↔up	bugger↔up
build (sth)	build
build on sth	build	on
build sb sth	build
build sb/sth up	build	up
build sb/yourself↔up	build	yourself↔up
build sth	build
build sth around sth	build	around
build sth for sb	build	for
build sth into sth	build	into
build sth of/in/from sth	build	of	in	from
build sth on sth	build	on
build sth onto sth	build	onto
build sth↔in	build↔in
build sth↔on	build↔on
build sth↔up	build↔up
build up (to sth)	build	up	to
build up to sth	build	up	to
build yourself up to sth	build	yourself	up	to
build-up (to sth)	buildup	to
bulge (with sth)	bulge	with
bulk sth↔out/up	bulk↔out	up
bulldoze adv./prep.	bulldoze	adv	prep
bulldoze sb (into doing sth)	bulldoze	into	doing
bulldoze sth	bulldoze
bulldoze sth + adv./prep.	bulldoze	adv	prep
bullshit sb	bullshit
bully for you, etc.	bully	for	you	etc
bully sb	bully
bully sb into sth/into doing sth	bully	into	into	doing
bulwark (against sth)	bulwark	against
bum around/about	bum	around	about
bum sb (out)	bum	out
bum sth (off sb)	bum	off
bumble adv./prep.	bumble	adv	prep
bump adv./prep.	bump	adv	prep
bump against sb/sth	bump	against
bump into sb	bump	into
bump into sb/sth	bump	into
bump sb + adv./prep.	bump	adv	prep
bump sb↔off	bump	sb↔off
bump sth (against/on sth)	bump	against	on
bump sth + adv./prep.	bump	adv	prep
bump sth↔up	bump↔up
bump up against sth	bump	up	against
bunch (sth) up	bunch	up
bunch of sth	bunch	of
bunch sb/sth up/together	bunch	up	together
bunch sth	bunch
bunch up/together	bunch	up	together
bundle adv./prep.	bundle	adv	prep
bundle sb + adv./prep.	bundle	adv	prep
bundle sb up (in sth)	bundle	up	in
bundle sth ( with sth)	bundle		with
bundle sth↔together	bundle↔together
bundle sth↔up	bundle↔up
bung sth + adv./prep.	bung	adv	prep
bung sth up (with sth)	bung	up	with
bungle (sth)	bungle
bunk off school/work	bunk	off	school	work
bunt (sth)	bunt
buoy sb (up)	buoy	up
buoy sb/sth (up)	buoy	up
buoy sth (up)	buoy	up
burble (on) (about sth)	burble	on	about
burden sb/yourself (with sth)	burden	yourself	with
burgle sb/sth	burgle
burn (sb/sth)	burn
burn (sth)	burn
burn (sth) (to sth)	burn	to
burn adv./prep.	burn	adv	prep
burn sb	burn
burn sb up	burn	up
burn sb/sth + adj.	burn	adj
burn sth	burn
burn sth out	burn	out
burn sth to a cinder/crisp	burn	to	a	cinder	crisp
burn sth↔away	burn↔away
burn sth↔down	burn↔down
burn sth↔off	burn↔off
burn sth↔out	burn↔out
burn sth↔up	burn↔up
burn to do sth	burn	to	do
burn with sth	burn	with
burn yourself/sb out	burn	yourself	out
burnish sth	burnish
burp sb	burp
burrow adv./prep.	burrow	adv	prep
burrow sth + adv./prep.	burrow	adv	prep
burst (sth) open	burst	open
burst adv./prep.	burst	adv	prep
burst doing sth	burst	doing
burst in on sb/sth	burst	in	on
burst into a room, building, etc.	burst	into	a	room	building	etc
burst into sth	burst	into
burst on/onto sth	burst	on	onto
burst sb's bubble	burst	sbs	bubble
burst sth	burst
bury sb	bury
bury sb/sth	bury
bury sb/sth + adj.	bury	adj
bury sth	bury
bury sth (in sth)	bury	in
bury yourself in sth	bury	yourself	in
bury/hide your head in the sand	bury	hide	your	head	in	the	sand
bus sb	bus
bus sb (from/to…)	bus	from	to
bus sth	bus
bushel (of sth)	bushel	of
bushwhack adv./prep.	bushwhack	adv	prep
bushwhack sb	bushwhack
business end (of sth)	business	end	of
bust a gut (doing sth/to do sth)	bust	a	gut	doing	to	do
bust sb	bust
bust sb/sth (for sth)	bust	for
bust sth	bust
bust sth↔up	bust↔up
bustle adv./prep.	bustle	adv	prep
bustle sb + adv./prep.	bustle	adv	prep
bustling with sth	bustling	with
busy (doing sth)	busy	doing
busy with sth/sb	busy	with
busy yourself (in/with) doing sth	busy	yourself	in	with	doing
busy yourself (with sth)	busy	yourself	with
but then (again)	but	then	again
butcher sb	butcher
butcher sth	butcher
butt in (on sb/sth)	butt	in	on
butt sb/sth	butt
butter sb↔up	butter	sb↔up
butter sth	butter
butter wouldn't melt (in sb's mouth)	butter	wouldnt	melt	in	sbs	mouth
button (up)	button	up
button sth (up)	button	up
buttonhole sb	buttonhole
buttress sb/sth	buttress
buy (sth)	buy
buy into sth	buy	into
buy sb	buy
buy sb sth	buy
buy sb↔off	buy	sb↔off
buy sb↔out	buy	sb↔out
buy sth	buy
buy sth + adj.	buy	adj
buy sth for sb	buy	for
buy sth from sb	buy	from
buy sth↔in	buy↔in
buy sth↔up	buy↔up
buzz (sth) (for sb/sth)	buzz	for
buzz about/around	buzz	about	around
buzz sb/sth	buzz
buzz with sth	buzz	with
by dint of sth/of doing sth	by	dint	of	of	doing
by means of sth	by	means	of
by return (of post)	by	return	of	post
by the by/bye	by	the	by	bye
by the name of…	by	the	name	of
by the scruff of the/sb's neck	by	the	scruff	of	the	sbs	neck
by way of sth	by	way	of
by way of/in the way of sth	by	way	of	in	the	way	of
by/from all accounts	by	from	all	accounts
by/in comparison (with sb/sth)	by	in	comparison	with
by/in fits and starts	by	in	fits	and	starts
by/in leaps and bounds	by	in	leaps	and	bounds
by/in virtue of sth	by	in	virtue	of
by/through the back door	by	through	the	back	door
by/under/on false pretences	by	under	on	FALSE	pretences
by/with your leave	by	with	your	leave
bypass sth	bypass
cable (sb)	cable
cache sth	cache
cadge (sth) (from/off sb)	cadge	from	off
cage sth (up)	cage	up
cagey (about sth)	cagey	about
cajole sb (into sth/into doing sth)	cajole	into	into	doing
cajole sth out of sb	cajole	out	of
cake sth (in/with sth)	cake	in	with
calcify (sth)	calcify
calculate how much, what, etc.	calculate	how	much	what	etc
calculate sth	calculate
calculate that…	calculate	that
calibrate sth	calibrate
call (for sth)	call	for
call (of sth)	call	of
call (out) to sb (for sth)	call	out	to	for
call (sb)	call
call (sth)	call
call (sth) out	call	out
call (to do sth)	call	to	do
call adv./prep.	call	adv	prep
call at…	call	at
call for sb	call	for
call for sth	call	for
call on sb	call	on
call on sb/sth	call	on
call on/upon sb	call	on	upon
call sb	call
call sb away	call	away
call sb back	call	back
call sb names	call	names
call sb out	call	out
call sb sth	call
call sb to account (for/over sth)	call	to	account	for	over
call sb's bluff	call	sbs	bluff
call sb/sth	call
call sb/sth + adj.	call	adj
call sb/sth + noun	call	noun
call sb/sth to order	call	to	order
call sb/sth↔off	call	sb↔off
call sb↔in	call	sb↔in
call sb↔up	call	sb↔up
call sth	call
call sth into play	call	into	play
call sth into question	call	into	question
call sth↔forth	call↔forth
call sth↔in	call↔in
call sth↔off	call↔off
call sth↔up	call↔up
call the shots/tune	call	the	shots	tune
call time (on sth)	call	time	on
call to do sth	call	to	do
call yourself + noun	call	yourself	noun
calm sb/sth	calm
calm sb/sth↔down	calm	sb↔down
camouflage sth (with sth)	camouflage	with
camp (out)	camp	out
campaign (against/for sth)	campaign	against	for
campaign for/against sb/sth	campaign	for	against
campaign to do sth	campaign	to	do
can sb	can
can sth	can
can you beat that/it!	can	you	beat	that	it!
can't be arsed (to do sth)	cant	be	arsed	to	do
can't be bothered (to do sth)	cant	be	bothered	to	do
can't be doing with sb/sth/sb doing sth	cant	be	doing	with	sb	doing
can't do sth for toffee	cant	do	for	toffee
can't get over sth	cant	get	over
can't make head nor tail of sth	cant	make	head	nor	tail	of
canalize sth	canalize
cancel (sth)	cancel
cancel sth	cancel
cancel sth↔out	cancel↔out
candidate (for sth)	candidate	for
cane sb	cane
cannibalize sth	cannibalize
cannon adv./prep.	cannon	adv	prep
cannot hold a candle to sb/sth	cannot	hold	a	candle	to
canonize sb	canonize
cant (sth)	cant
canter (sth)	canter
canvass (for sth)	canvass	for
canvass sb	canvass
canvass sb (for sth)	canvass	for
canvass sth	canvass
cap sb	cap
cap sth	cap
cap sth (with sth)	cap	with
capability (to do sth/of doing sth)	capability	to	do	of	doing
capable of doing sth	capable	of	doing
capable of sth	capable	of
capacity for doing sth	capacity	for	doing
capacity for sth	capacity	for
capacity to do sth	capacity	to	do
caper adv./prep.	caper	adv	prep
capitalize on/upon sth	capitalize	on	upon
capitalize sth	capitalize
capitulate (to sb/sth)	capitulate	to
capsize (sth)	capsize
captain sth	captain
caption sth	caption
captivate sb	captivate
capture sb	capture
capture sth	capture
caramelize sth	caramelize
carbonize (sth)	carbonize
carbonize sth	carbonize
card sb	card
card sth	card
care (about sb)	care	about
care about sth	care	about
care for sb	care	for
care of sb	care	of
care that…	care	that
care to do sth	care	to	do
care what/whether, etc.	care	what	whether	etc
careen adv./prep.	careen	adv	prep
career adv./prep.	career	adv	prep
careful (that)…	careful	that
careful not to do sth	careful	not	to	do
careful of/about/with sth	careful	of	about	with
careful to do sth	careful	to	do
careful when/what/how, etc.	careful	when	what	how	etc
careless of sth	careless	of
caress sb/sth	caress
caricature sb/sth (as sth)	caricature	as
carjack sth	carjack
carnival of sth	carnival	of
carol (sth)	carol
carp (at sb) (about sth)	carp	at	about
carpet (of sth)	carpet	of
carpet sb	carpet
carpet sth	carpet
carpet sth (with/in sth)	carpet	with	in
carpet-bomb sb	carpetbomb
carpet-bomb sth	carpetbomb
carry a torch for sb	carry	a	torch	for
carry adv./prep.	carry	adv	prep
carry all/everything before you	carry	all	everything	before	you
carry doing sth	carry	doing
carry noun + adv./prep.	carry	noun	adv	prep
carry on (with sb)	carry	on	with
carry on (with sth)	carry	on	with
carry sb	carry
carry sb back (to sth)	carry	back	to
carry sb through	carry	through
carry sb through sth	carry	through
carry sb/sth	carry
carry sth	carry
carry sth through	carry	through
carry sth/sb to/into sth	carry	to	into
carry sth↔forward	carry↔forward
carry sth↔off	carry↔off
carry sth↔on	carry↔on
carry sth↔out	carry↔out
carry sth↔over	carry↔over
carry the can (for sb/sth)	carry	the	can	for
carry through (on/with sth)	carry	through	on	with
carry yourself + adv./prep.	carry	yourself	adv	prep
carry, take, etc. coals to Newcastle	carry	take	etc	coals	to	Newcastle
carry/take sth too far	carry	take	too	far
carry/win the day	carry	win	the	day
cart sb + adv./prep.	cart	adv	prep
cart sth (+ adv./prep.)	cart	adv	prep
cart sth + adv./prep.	cart	adv	prep
carte blanche (to do sth)	carte	blanche	to	do
carve (sb) sth	carve
carve (sth)	carve
carve in sth	carve	in
carve sth	carve
carve sth (on sth)	carve	on
carve sth (out)	carve	out
carve sth (out) for yourself	carve	out	for	yourself
carve sth from/out of sth	carve	from	out	of
carve sth into/in sth	carve	into	in
carve sth↔up	carve↔up
carved/set in stone	carved	set	in	stone
cascade adv./prep.	cascade	adv	prep
case (for/against sth)	case	for	against
case (that…)	case	that
cased in sth	cased	in
cash in (on sth)	cash	in	on
cash sth↔in	cash↔in
cashier sb	cashier
casserole sth	casserole
cast (sb) sth	cast
cast (sth)	cast
cast a spell (on sb/sth)	cast	a	spell	on
cast about/around for sth	cast	about	around	for
cast sb (as sb)	cast	as
cast sb/sth	cast
cast sb/sth↔aside	cast	sb↔aside
cast sb/sth↔out	cast	sb↔out
cast sb/yourself (as sth)	cast	yourself	as
cast sb/yourself (in sth)	cast	yourself	in
cast sth	cast
cast sth (in sth)	cast	in
cast sth (over sth)	cast	over
cast sth↔off	cast↔off
cast sth↔on	cast↔on
cast your mind back (to sth)	cast	your	mind	back	to
cast, throw, etc. pearls before swine	cast	throw	etc	pearls	before	swine
cast/run an eye/your eyes over sth	cast	run	an	eye	your	eyes	over
cast/set sb adrift	cast	set	adrift
cast/shed/throw light on sth	cast	shed	throw	light	on
castigate sb/sth/yourself (for sth)	castigate	yourself	for
castrate sb/sth	castrate
catalogue sth	catalogue
catalyse sth	catalyse
catalyst (for sth)	catalyst	for
catapult (sb/sth) + adv./prep.	catapult	adv	prep
catch (fire)	catch	fire
catch (in/on sth)	catch	in	on
catch at sth	catch	at
catch on (to sth)	catch	on	to
catch sb	catch
catch sb + adv./prep.	catch	adv	prep
catch sb doing sth	catch	doing
catch sb napping	catch	napping
catch sb on the hop	catch	on	the	hop
catch sb out	catch	out
catch sb red-handed	catch	redhanded
catch sb sth + adv./prep.	catch	adv	prep
catch sb with their pants down	catch	with	their	pants	down
catch sb's eye	catch	sbs	eye
catch sb/sth	catch
catch sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	catch	adv	prep
catch sb/sth + adv./prep.	catch	adv	prep
catch sth	catch
catch sth (in/on sth)	catch	in	on
catch sth from sb	catch	from
catch up (with sb)	catch	up	with
catch up on sth	catch	up	on
catch up with sb	catch	up	with
catch your death (of cold)	catch	your	death	of	cold
catch yourself doing sth	catch	yourself	doing
catch, get, grab, take, etc. (a) hold of sb/sth	catch	get	grab	take	etc	a	hold	of
catch/get/grab some rays	catch	get	grab	some	rays
catch/take sb's fancy	catch	take	sbs	fancy
catch/touch sb on the raw	catch	touch	on	the	raw
categorize sb/sth	categorize
categorize sb/sth as sth	categorize	as
cater for sb/sth	cater	for
cater sth	cater
cater to sb/sth	cater	to
caucus (sb)	caucus
caulk sth	caulk
cause (for sth)	cause	for
cause sb sth	cause
cause sth	cause
cause sth for sb	cause	for
cause sth to do sth	cause	to	do
cauterize sth	cauterize
caution (sb) + speech	caution	speech
caution (sb) that…	caution	that
caution against sth	caution	against
caution sb	caution
caution sb (for sth)	caution	for
caution sb against/about sth	caution	against	about
caution sb to do sth	caution	to	do
cautious about doing sth	cautious	about	doing
cautious about sb/sth	cautious	about
cave in (on sb/sth)	cave	in	on
cave in (to sth)	cave	in	to
cavil (at sth)	cavil	at
cavort adv./prep.	cavort	adv	prep
cc sb sth	cc
cc sth (to sb)	cc	to
cease doing sth	cease	doing
cease sth	cease
cease to do sth	cease	to	do
cede sth (to sb)	cede	to
celebrate sb/sth	celebrate
celebrate sth	celebrate
cement A and B (together)	cement	A	and	B	together
cement sth	cement
censor sth	censor
censure sb (for sth)	censure	for
centralize sth	centralize
centre around/on/round/upon sb/sth	centre	around	on	round	upon
centre sth	centre
centre sth around/on/round/upon sb/sth	centre	around	on	round	upon
centre sth in…	centre	in
certain (that)…	certain	that
certain of sth/of doing sth	certain	of	of	doing
certain of/about sth	certain	of	about
certain to do sth	certain	to	do
certain who/where, etc…	certain	who	where
certificate sb (to do sth)	certificate	to	do
certify (that)…	certify	that
certify sb (+ adj.)	certify	adj
certify sb (as sth)	certify	as
certify sb/sth (as) sth	certify	as
certify sb/sth + adj.	certify	adj
certify sb/sth to be/do sth	certify	to	be	do
chafe (at/under sth)	chafe	at	under
chafe sth	chafe
chaff sb	chaff
chain sb/sth	chain
chain sb/sth to sb/sth	chain	to
chain sb/sth up	chain	up
chain-smoke (sth)	chainsmoke
chair sth	chair
chalk sth (up) (on sth)	chalk	up	on
chalk sth up to sth	chalk	up	to
chalk up sth	chalk	up
challenge (to sth)	challenge	to
challenge sb	challenge
challenge sb (to sth)	challenge	to
challenge sb to do sth	challenge	to	do
challenge sth	challenge
champ (sth)	champ
champion (of sth)	champion	of
champion sth	champion
chance doing sth	chance	doing
chance for sb to do sth	chance	for	to	do
chance of doing sth	chance	of	doing
chance of sth	chance	of
chance of sth happening	chance	of	happening
chance on/upon sb/sth	chance	on	upon
chance sth	chance
chance that…	chance	that
chance to do sth	chance	to	do
change (from A) to/into B	change	from	A	to	into	B
change (from sth to sth)	change	from	to
change (from sth)	change	from
change (in/to sth)	change	in	to
change (of sth)	change	of
change back (into sb/sth)	change	back	into
change back (into sth)	change	back	into
change into sth	change	into
change out of sth	change	out	of
change over (from sth) (to sth)	change	over	from	to
change sb/sth	change
change sb/sth (for sb/sth)	change	for
change sb/sth (from A) to/into B	change	from	A	to	into	B
change sth	change
change sth (for sth)	change	for
change sth (to sth)	change	to
change sth back (into sth)	change	back	into
change sth for/into sth	change	for	into
change sth into sth	change	into
change sth with sb	change	with
change sth↔around/round	change↔around	round
change your/sb's mind	change	your	sbs	mind
change/swap places (with sb)	change	swap	places	with
channel sth	channel
channel sth (into sth)	channel	into
channel sth (through sth)	channel	through
chant (sth)	chant
chant sth	chant
chaperone sb	chaperone
Chaplin, Sir Charles (Charlie)	Chaplin	Sir	Charles	Charlie
char (sth)	char
characteristic (of sth/sb)	characteristic	of
characterize sb/sth	characterize
characterize sb/sth (as sth)	characterize	as
charbroil sth	charbroil
charge (at) sb/sth	charge	at
charge (for sth)	charge	for
charge (sb) to do sth	charge	to	do
charge adv./prep.	charge	adv	prep
charge for sth	charge	for
charge sb	charge
charge sb (with sth/with doing sth)	charge	with	with	doing
charge sb for sth	charge	for
charge sb sth (for sth)	charge	for
charge sb with doing sth	charge	with	doing
charge sb with sth	charge	with
charge sb with sth/with doing sth	charge	with	with	doing
charge sth	charge
charge sth (with sth)	charge	with
charge sth at sth	charge	at
charge sth for sth	charge	for
charge sth to sth	charge	to
charge sth up	charge	up
charge, cost, pay, etc. the earth	charge	cost	pay	etc	the	earth
chargeable (to sb/sth)	chargeable	to
charged (with sth)	charged	with
chargesheet sb (for sth)	chargesheet	for
chargrill sth	chargrill
charm (sb)	charm
charm sb/sth	charm
charm sth out of sb	charm	out	of
chart sth	chart
charter (for sth)	charter	for
charter sth	charter
chary of sth/of doing sth	chary	of	of	doing
chase adv./prep.	chase	adv	prep
chase after sb	chase	after
chase after sb/sth	chase	after
chase sb	chase
chase sb/sth	chase
chase sb/sth↔away, off, out, etc.	chase	sb↔away	off	out	etc
chase sb↔up	chase	sb↔up
chase sth	chase
chase sth↔up	chase↔up
chase your (own) tail	chase	your	own	tail
chasm (between A and B)	chasm	between	A	and	B
chasten sb	chasten
chastise sb	chastise
chastise sb (for sth/for doing sth)	chastise	for	for	doing
chat (about sth/sb)	chat	about
chat (away) (to/with sb)	chat	away	to	with
chat (to/with sb)	chat	to	with
chat about sth/sb	chat	about
chat away (to/with sb)	chat	away	to	with
chat sb↔up	chat	sb↔up
chatter (away/on) (to sb) (about sth)	chatter	away	on	to	about
chauffeur sb	chauffeur
cheapen sb/yourself	cheapen	yourself
cheapen sth	cheapen
cheat (at sth)	cheat	at
cheat (on sb)	cheat	on
cheat sb (out) of sth	cheat	out	of
cheat sb/sth	cheat
check (for/on sth)	check	for	on
check (on sb/sth)	check	on
check (on/to sth)	check	on	to
check (that)…	check	that
check (with sb) (what/whether, etc…)	check	with	what	whether
check in (at…)	check	in	at
check into…	check	into
check on sb/sth	check	on
check out (of…)	check	out	of
check over/through↔sth	check	over	through↔sth
check sb/sth↔off	check	sb↔off
check sb/sth↔out	check	sb↔out
check sth	check
check sth (for sth)	check	for
check sth↔in	check↔in
check sth↔out	check↔out
check up on sb	check	up	on
check up on sth	check	up	on
checkmate sb/sth	checkmate
cheek by jowl (with sb/sth)	cheek	by	jowl	with
cheek sb	cheek
cheer sb	cheer
cheer sb/sth↔up	cheer	sb↔up
cheer sb↔on	cheer	sb↔on
cheesed off (with/about sb/sth)	cheesed	off	with	about
cherish sb/sth	cherish
cherish sth	cherish
cherry-pick (sb/sth)	cherrypick
chew (at/on/through sth)	chew	at	on	through
chew on sth	chew	on
chew sb out	chew	out
chew sth	chew
chew sth (up)	chew	up
chew sth↔over	chew↔over
chicken out (of sth/of doing sth)	chicken	out	of	of	doing
chide (sb) + speech	chide	speech
chide sb/yourself (for sth/for doing sth)	chide	yourself	for	for	doing
chill sb	chill
chill sb/sth	chill
chill sth	chill
chime (in) with sth	chime	in	with
chime in (with sth)	chime	in	with
chime sth	chime
chink sth	chink
chip (sth)	chip
chip away at sth	chip	away	at
chip in (with sth)	chip	in	with
chip sth	chip
chip sth + adv./prep.	chip	adv	prep
chip sth↔off	chip↔off
chisel (sth) (+ adv./prep.)	chisel	adv	prep
chisel sb (out of sth)	chisel	out	of
chivvy sb (into sth/along)	chivvy	into	along
chivvy sb to do sth	chivvy	to	do
chlorinate sth	chlorinate
chock-a-block (with sth/sb)	chockablock	with
chock-full (of sth/sb)	chockfull	of
choice (between A and B)	choice	between	A	and	B
choke (with sth)	choke	with
choke on sth	choke	on
choke out sth	choke	out
choke sb	choke
choke sth	choke
choke sth (with sth)	choke	with
choke sth up (with sth)	choke	up	with
choke sth↔back	choke↔back
choke sth↔down	choke↔down
choke sth↔off	choke↔off
choked (about sth)	choked	about
choked up (about sth)	choked	up	about
chomp (away) (on/through sth)	chomp	away	on	through
chomp sth	chomp
choose A from B	choose	A	from	B
choose between A and/or B	choose	between	A	and	or	B
choose sb to be/do sth	choose	to	be	do
choose sb/sth as/for sth	choose	as	for
choose sth	choose
choose to do sth	choose	to	do
choose whether, what, etc…	choose	whether	what
chop (away) at sth	chop	away	at
chop sb/sth	chop
chop sth	chop
chop sth (from sth) (to sth)	chop	from	to
chop sth (up) (into sth)	chop	up	into
chop sth↔down	chop↔down
chop sth↔off (sth)	chop↔off
choreograph sth	choreograph
chorus sth	chorus
christen sb	christen
christen sb + noun	christen	noun
christen sb/sth (+ noun)	christen	noun
christen sth	christen
chronicle sth	chronicle
chuck sb	chuck
chuck sb off (sth)	chuck	off
chuck sb out (of sth)	chuck	out	of
chuck sb sth	chuck
chuck sb under the chin	chuck	under	the	chin
chuck sth	chuck
chuck sth (+ adv./prep.)	chuck	adv	prep
chuck sth in/up	chuck	in	up
chuck sth↔away	chuck↔away
chuck sth↔out	chuck↔out
chuckle (at/about sth)	chuckle	at	about
chuffed (about sth)	chuffed	about
chug adv./prep.	chug	adv	prep
chug sth	chug
chunter (on) (about sth)	chunter	on	about
churn (sb) (up)	churn	up
churn (sth)	churn
churn (up)	churn	up
churn sth	churn
churn sth (up)	churn	up
churn sth↔out	churn↔out
cinch sth	cinch
circle (around) (above/over sb/sth)	circle	around	above	over
circle sth	circle
circulate (sth)	circulate
circulate sth	circulate
circulate sth (to sb)	circulate	to
circumcise sb	circumcise
circumnavigate sth	circumnavigate
circumscribe sth	circumscribe
circumvent sth	circumvent
cite sb (for sth)	cite	for
cite sth	cite
cite sth (as sth)	cite	as
civilize sb/sth	civilize
clad (in sth)	clad	in
claim (for sth)	claim	for
claim (on sth) (for sth)	claim	on	for
claim (on/to sth)	claim	on	to
claim (sb/sth) to be/do sth	claim	to	be	do
claim (that…)	claim	that
claim (that)…	claim	that
claim sth	claim
claim sth from sth	claim	from
claim sth↔back	claim↔back
clam up (on sb)	clam	up	on
clamber adv./prep.	clamber	adv	prep
clamour (for sth)	clamour	for
clamour to do sth	clamour	to	do
clamp (sth) + adj.	clamp	adj
clamp A and B (together)	clamp	A	and	B	together
clamp A to B	clamp	A	to	B
clamp adv./prep.	clamp	adv	prep
clamp down (on sb/sth)	clamp	down	on
clamp sth + adv./prep.	clamp	adv	prep
clamp sth on sb	clamp	on
clamp sth/sb	clamp
clang sth + adv./prep.	clang	adv	prep
clank sth	clank
clap sb on the back/shoulder	clap	on	the	back	shoulder
clap sb/sth	clap
clap sth + adv./prep.	clap	adv	prep
clap/lay/set eyes on sb/sth	clap	lay	set	eyes	on
clarify sth	clarify
clarify what/how, etc…	clarify	what	how
clash (between A and B)	clash	between	A	and	B
clash (between A and B) (over sth)	clash	between	A	and	B	over
clash (together)	clash	together
clash (with sb)	clash	with
clash (with sb) (over sth)	clash	with	over
clash (with sb) (over/on sth)	clash	with	over	on
clash (with sth)	clash	with
clash sth (together)	clash	together
clasp sb/sth	clasp
clasp sth	clasp
clasp sth (+ adv./prep.)	clasp	adv	prep
class sb/sth (as sth)	class	as
classify sb/sth as sth	classify	as
classify sth	classify
clatter adv./prep.	clatter	adv	prep
claw at sb/sth	claw	at
claw sb/sth	claw
claw sth↔back	claw↔back
claw your way back, into sth, out of sth, to sth, etc.	claw	your	way	back	into	out	of	to	etc
clean (sth)	clean
clean (yourself) up	clean	yourself	up
clean sb out	clean	out
clean sb/sth out	clean	out
clean sth	clean
clean sth off/from sth	clean	off	from
clean sth↔down	clean↔down
clean sth↔off	clean↔off
clean sth↔out	clean↔out
clean sth↔up	clean↔up
cleanse (sth)	cleanse
cleanse sb (of/from sth)	cleanse	of	from
clear (away)	clear	away
clear (of sb/sth)	clear	of
clear (of sth)	clear	of
clear (sth)	clear
clear (to sb) (that)…	clear	to	that
clear A (of B)	clear	A	of	B
clear about/on sth	clear	about	on
clear B (from/off A)	clear	B	from	off	A
clear of sth	clear	of
clear out (of…)	clear	out	of
clear sb	clear
clear sb (of sth)	clear	of
clear sth	clear
clear sth with sb/sth	clear	with
clear sth/sb	clear
clear sth↔away	clear↔away
clear sth↔out	clear↔out
clear sth↔up	clear↔up
clear the way (for sth/for sth to happen)	clear	the	way	for	for	to	happen
clear what, how, whether, etc…	clear	what	how	whether
cleave sth	cleave
cleave through sth	cleave	through
cleave to sth	cleave	to
cleave to sth/sb	cleave	to
clench (sth)	clench
clench sth (in/between sth)	clench	in	between
clever (at sth)	clever	at
click (on sth)	click	on
click adv./prep.	click	adv	prep
click sth	click
click through (to sth)	click	through	to
click with sb	click	with
climax sth	climax
climax with/in sth	climax	with	in
climb (to sth)	climb	to
climb (up) (sth)	climb	up
climb adv./prep.	climb	adv	prep
climb down (over sth)	climb	down	over
climb/jump on the bandwagon	climb	jump	on	the	bandwagon
clinch sth	clinch
cling (to sb)	cling	to
cling on to sb/sth	cling	on	to
cling on to sth	cling	on	to
cling to sb/sth	cling	to
cling to sth	cling	to
clink sth	clink
clip adv./prep.	clip	adv	prep
clip sb's wings	clip	sbs	wings
clip sth	clip
clip sth (out of/from sth)	clip	out	of	from
clip sth + adv./prep.	clip	adv	prep
clip sth from sth/off (sth)	clip	from	off
clip sth off sth	clip	off
cloak sth (in sth)	cloak	in
clobber sb	clobber
clobber sb/sth	clobber
clock in/on	clock	in	on
clock out/off	clock	out	off
clock sb	clock
clock sb doing sth	clock	doing
clock sb/sth (at sth)	clock	at
clock sth	clock
clock that…	clock	that
clock up sth	clock	up
clock what/where, etc…	clock	what	where
clog (up) (with sth)	clog	up	with
clog sth (up) (with sth)	clog	up	with
clone sth	clone
clonk (sth)	clonk
close (about sth)	close	about
close (at sth)	close	at
close (for sth)	close	for
close (sth)	close
close (sth) about/around/over sb/sth	close	about	around	over
close (to sb)	close	to
close (to sb/sth)	close	to
close (to sth)	close	to
close (together)	close	together
close by (sb/sth)	close	by
close in (on sb/sth)	close	in	on
close out sth	close	out
close over sb/sth	close	over
close sth	close
close sth (for sth)	close	for
close sth (to sb/sth)	close	to
close sth (up)	close	up
close sth↔down	close↔down
close sth↔off	close↔off
close sth↔up	close↔up
close the book on sth	close	the	book	on
close to doing sth	close	to	doing
close to sth	close	to
close up to sb/sth	close	up	to
close your mind to sth	close	your	mind	to
close, etc. the barn door after the horse has escaped	close	etc	the	barn	door	after	the	horse	has	escaped
close, lock, etc. the stable door after the horse has bolted	close	lock	etc	the	stable	door	after	the	horse	has	bolted
close/dear/near to sb's heart	close	dear	near	to	sbs	heart
close/shut the door on sth	close	shut	the	door	on
closet sb/yourself + adv./prep.	closet	yourself	adv	prep
clot (sth)	clot
clothe sb	clothe
clothe sb/yourself (in sth)	clothe	yourself	in
clothed (in sth)	clothed	in
cloud (over)	cloud	over
cloud (with sth)	cloud	with
cloud sth	cloud
clout sb	clout
clown (around)	clown	around
club sb/sth	club
clue (to sth)	clue	to
clue sb in (on sth)	clue	in	on
clued-up (on sth)	cluedup	on
clump (together)	clump	together
clump A and B (together)	clump	A	and	B	together
clump adv./prep.	clump	adv	prep
cluster around/round sb/sth	cluster	around	round
clutch adv./prep.	clutch	adv	prep
clutch at sb/sth	clutch	at
clutch sth	clutch
clutch sth (+ adv./prep.)	clutch	adv	prep
clutch/catch at sth/sb	clutch	catch	at
clutch/grasp at straws	clutch	grasp	at	straws
clutter sth (up) (with sth/sb)	clutter	up	with
cluttered (up) (with sb/sth)	cluttered	up	with
co-author sth	coauthor
co-opt sb (onto/into sth)	coopt	onto	into
co-star (with sb)	costar	with
co-star sb	costar
coach sb (in/for sth)	coach	in	for
coach sb (in/on sth)	coach	in	on
coach sb (to do sth)	coach	to	do
coach sth	coach
coagulate (sth)	coagulate
coalesce (into/with sth)	coalesce	into	with
coarsen (sb)	coarsen
coarsen sth	coarsen
coast (along)	coast	along
coast (through/to sth)	coast	through	to
coast adv./prep.	coast	adv	prep
coat sth (with/in sth)	coat	with	in
coax (sb/sth) + speech	coax	speech
coax sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	coax	adv	prep
coax sb/sth (into doing sth)	coax	into	doing
coax sb/sth (into/out of sth)	coax	into	out	of
coax sth out of/from sb	coax	out	of	from
cobble sth	cobble
cobble sth↔together	cobble↔together
cock a snook at sb/sth	cock	a	snook	at
cock an ear/eye at sth/sb	cock	an	ear	eye	at
cock sth	cock
cock sth↔up	cock↔up
cock-a-hoop (about/at/over sth)	cockahoop	about	at	over
cocoon sb/sth (in sth)	cocoon	in
coddle sb	coddle
coddle sth	coddle
code sth	code
codify sth	codify
coerce sb (into sth/into doing sth)	coerce	into	into	doing
coerce sb (to do sth)	coerce	to	do
coeval (with sth)	coeval	with
coexist (with sb/sth)	coexist	with
cogitate (about/on sth)	cogitate	about	on
cohabit (with sb)	cohabit	with
cohere (with sth)	cohere	with
coil round, around, etc. sth	coil	round	around	etc
coil sth (+ adv./prep.)	coil	adv	prep
coin sth	coin
coincide with sth	coincide	with
coincident (with sth)	coincident	with
cold-shoulder sb	coldshoulder
collaborate (with sb)	collaborate	with
collaborate (with sb) (in sth/in doing sth)	collaborate	with	in	in	doing
collaborate (with sb) (on sth)	collaborate	with	on
collaboration (between A and B)	collaboration	between	A	and	B
collaboration (with sb) (on sth)	collaboration	with	on
collapse (sth)	collapse
collapse, fall, etc. in a heap	collapse	fall	etc	in	a	heap
collar sb	collar
collate sth	collate
collect (for sth)	collect	for
collect (sth)	collect
collect sb (from…)	collect	from
collect sth	collect
collect sth (for sth)	collect	for
collect sth (from…)	collect	from
collect sth from sb/sth	collect	from
collect sth↔up	collect↔up
collect yourself/your thoughts	collect	yourself	your	thoughts
collectivize sth	collectivize
collide (with sb) (over sth)	collide	with	over
collide with sth/sb	collide	with
colligate (with sth)	colligate	with
colligate sth (with sth)	colligate	with
collision (between/of A and B)	collision	between	of	A	and	B
collision (with sb/sth)	collision	with
collocate (with sth)	collocate	with
collude (with sb) (in sth/in doing sth)	collude	with	in	in	doing
collude (with sb) (to do sth)	collude	with	to	do
colonize sth	colonize
colorize sth	colorize
colour (at sth)	colour	at
colour sth	colour
colour sth + adj.	colour	adj
colour sth↔in	colour↔in
comb sth	comb
comb sth for sb/sth	comb	for
comb sth↔out	comb↔out
comb through sth (for sb/sth)	comb	through	for
combat sb	combat
combat sth	combat
combine A and B (together)	combine	A	and	B	together
combine A and/with B	combine	A	and	with	B
combine sth	combine
combine sth (with sth)	combine	with
combine sth with sth	combine	with
combine to do sth	combine	to	do
combine with sth	combine	with
combust (sth)	combust
come (to sth) (with sb)	come	to	with
come (to…)	come	to
come about (that…)	come	about	that
come about sth	come	about
come across (with sth)	come	across	with
come across sb/sth	come	across
come adv./prep.	come	adv	prep
come after sb	come	after
come around/round	come	around	round
come around/round (to sth)	come	around	round	to
come around/round (to…)	come	around	round	to
come as sth	come	as
come as/be a revelation (to sb)	come	as	be	a	revelation	to
come at sb	come	at
come at sth	come	at
come away (from sth)	come	away	from
come away with sth	come	away	with
come back (at sb) (with sth)	come	back	at	with
come back (to sb)	come	back	to
come back to sth	come	back	to
come back/down to earth (with a bang/bump)	come	back	down	to	earth	with	a	bang	bump
come before sb/sth	come	before
come between sb and sb	come	between	and
come by sth	come	by
come clean (with sb) (about sth)	come	clean	with	about
come close (to sth/to doing sth)	come	close	to	to	doing
come doing sth	come	doing
come doing sth (+ adv.prep.)	come	doing	advprep
come down (from…)	come	down	from
come down (from…) (to…)	come	down	from	to
come down (to sb)	come	down	to
come down on sb	come	down	on
come down to sth	come	down	to
come down with sth	come	down	with
come easily, naturally, etc. to sb	come	easily	naturally	etc	to
come for sth	come	for
come from sth	come	from
come from…	come	from
come home to sb	come	home	to
come in (on sth)	come	in	on
come in for sth	come	in	for
come in sth	come	in
come into sth	come	into
come into your/its own	come	into	your	its	own
come into/go out of, etc. use	come	into	go	out	of	etc	use
come naturally (to sb/sth)	come	naturally	to
come of/from sth	come	of	from
come off (sth)	come	off
come off sth	come	off
come on to sb	come	on	to
come on to sth	come	on	to
come on/upon sb/sth	come	on	upon
come out (of sth)	come	out	of
come out at sth	come	out	at
come out in sth	come	out	in
come out of sth	come	out	of
come out with sth	come	out	with
come over (all) faint, dizzy, giddy, etc.	come	over	all	faint	dizzy	giddy	etc
come over (to sth)	come	over	to
come over (to…)	come	over	to
come over (to…) (from…)	come	over	to	from
come over sb	come	over
come round (to sth)	come	round	to
come that…	come	that
come through (sth)	come	through
come through (with sth)	come	through	with
come to blows (over sth)	come	to	blows	over
come to do sth	come	to	do
come to sb	come	to
come to sb's knowledge	come	to	sbs	knowledge
come to sth	come	to
come to terms (with sb)	come	to	terms	with
come to terms with sth	come	to	terms	with
come to/be the same thing	come	to	be	the	same	thing
come to/into sth	come	to	into
come under sth	come	under
come up (to sb)	come	up	to
come up (to…)	come	up	to
come up (to…) (from…)	come	up	to	from
come up against sb/sth	come	up	against
come up for sth	come	up	for
come up to sth	come	up	to
come up with sth	come	up	with
come up/out of sth smelling of roses	come	up	out	of	smelling	of	roses
come up/turn up trumps	come	up	turn	up	trumps
come upon sb/sth	come	upon
come, turn, etc. full circle	come	turn	etc	full	circle
come/crawl out of the woodwork	come	crawl	out	of	the	woodwork
come/enter into force	come	enter	into	force
come/get to grips with sth	come	get	to	grips	with
come/go along for the ride	come	go	along	for	the	ride
come/go down/up in the world	come	go	down	up	in	the	world
come/go with the territory	come	go	with	the	territory
come/spring to mind	come	spring	to	mind
comfort sb	comfort
command (of sth)	command	of
command (sb/sth)	command
command sb to do sth	command	to	do
command sth	command
command that…	command	that
commandeer sth	commandeer
commemorate sth/sb	commemorate
commence doing sth	commence	doing
commence sth	commence
commence to do sth	commence	to	do
commence with sth	commence	with
commend itself to sb	commend	itself	to
commend sb (for sth/for doing sth)	commend	for	for	doing
commend sb (on sth/on doing sth)	commend	on	on	doing
commend sb/sth (to sb)	commend	to
commend sb/sth to sb	commend	to
commendation (for sth)	commendation	for
commensurate (with sth)	commensurate	with
comment (about/on sth)	comment	about	on
comment (on/upon sth)	comment	on	upon
comment that…	comment	that
commentary (on sth)	commentary	on
commentate (on sth)	commentate	on
commentator (on sth)	commentator	on
commercialize sth	commercialize
commingle (with sth)	commingle	with
commingle sth (with sth)	commingle	with
commiserate (with sb) (on/about/for/over sth)	commiserate	with	on	about	for	over
commission sb	commission
commission sb (as) sth	commission	as
commission sb to do sth	commission	to	do
commission sth	commission
commit (to sb/sth)	commit	to
commit sb	commit
commit sb to sth	commit	to
commit sb/yourself (to sth/to doing sth)	commit	yourself	to	to	doing
commit sb/yourself to do sth	commit	yourself	to	do
commit sth	commit
commit yourself (to sth)	commit	yourself	to
commitment (of sth) (to sth)	commitment	of	to
commitment (to sb/sth)	commitment	to
commitment to do/doing sth	commitment	to	do	doing
common (to sb/sth)	common	to
commune with sb/sth	commune	with
communicate (with sb)	communicate	with
communicate how/what, etc…	communicate	how	what
communicate sth	communicate
communicate sth (to sb)	communicate	to
communicate with sb/sth	communicate	with
communion (with sb/sth)	communion	with
commute (from A) (to B)	commute	from	A	to	B
commute between A and B	commute	between	A	and	B
commute sth	commute
commute sth (for/into sth)	commute	for	into
commute sth (to sth)	commute	to
compact sth	compact
comparable (to/with sb/sth)	comparable	to	with
compare A and B	compare	A	and	B
compare A to B	compare	A	to	B
compare A with/to B	compare	A	with	to	B
compare notes (with sb)	compare	notes	with
compare with sb/sth	compare	with
comparison (with sb/sth)	comparison	with
comparison (with sth)	comparison	with
comparison between A and B	comparison	between	A	and	B
comparison of A and B	comparison	of	A	and	B
comparison of A to B	comparison	of	A	to	B
comparison of A with B	comparison	of	A	with	B
compartmentalize sth (into sth)	compartmentalize	into
compassion (for sb)	compassion	for
compatibility (between A and B)	compatibility	between	A	and	B
compatibility (with sb/sth)	compatibility	with
compatible (with sb)	compatible	with
compatible (with sth)	compatible	with
compel sb to do sth	compel	to	do
compel sth	compel
compensate (for sth)	compensate	for
compensate sb (for sth)	compensate	for
compensation (for sth)	compensation	for
compère (sth)	compère
compete (in sth) (against sb)	compete	in	against
compete (with/against sb) (for sth)	compete	with	against	for
compete to do sth	compete	to	do
competence (in doing sth)	competence	in	doing
competence (in sth)	competence	in
competent (to do sth)	competent	to	do
competition (between/with sb) (for sth)	competition	between	with	for
competitive (with sb/sth)	competitive	with
compile sth	compile
complacent (about sb/sth)	complacent	about
complain (that)…	complain	that
complain (to sb) (about/of sth)	complain	to	about	of
complain of sth	complain	of
complaint (about sb/sth)	complaint	about
complaint (against sb/sth)	complaint	against
complaint (that…)	complaint	that
complement (to sth)	complement	to
complement sth	complement
complementary (to sth)	complementary	to
complete sth	complete
complete with sth	complete	with
compliance (with sth)	compliance	with
complicate sth	complicate
complicit (in/with sb/sth)	complicit	in	with
complicity (in sth)	complicity	in
compliment sb (on sth)	compliment	on
complimentary (about sth)	complimentary	about
comply (with sth)	comply	with
comport yourself + adv./prep.	comport	yourself	adv	prep
compose (sth)	compose
compose sth	compose
compost sth	compost
compound sth	compound
compound sth (with sth)	compound	with
comprehend how/why, etc…	comprehend	how	why
comprehend sth	comprehend
comprehend that…	comprehend	that
comprehensible (to sb)	comprehensible	to
compress (into sth)	compress	into
compress sth	compress
compress sth (into sth)	compress	into
comprise sth	comprise
compromise (between A and B)	compromise	between	A	and	B
compromise (on sth)	compromise	on
compromise (with sb) (on sth)	compromise	with	on
compromise sb/sth/yourself	compromise	yourself
compromise sth	compromise
compulsion (on sb) to do sth	compulsion	on	to	do
compulsion (to do sth)	compulsion	to	do
compunction (about doing sth)	compunction	about	doing
compute sth	compute
computerize sth	computerize
con sb (into doing sth)	con	into	doing
con sb (out of sth)	con	out	of
con your way into sth	con	your	way	into
conceal sb/sth	conceal
conceal sb/sth from sb/sth	conceal	from
concede (that)…	concede	that
concede sb sth	concede
concede sth	concede
concede sth (to sb)	concede	to
concede sth to sb	concede	to
conceive (that)…	conceive	that
conceive of sth (as sth)	conceive	of	as
conceive sth	conceive
conceive what/how, etc…	conceive	what	how
concentrate (on sth/on doing sth)	concentrate	on	on	doing
concentrate on sth	concentrate	on
concentrate sth	concentrate
concentrate sth (on sth/on doing sth)	concentrate	on	on	doing
concentrate sth + adv./prep.	concentrate	adv	prep
concentration (of sth)	concentration	of
concentration (on sth)	concentration	on
concept (of sth)	concept	of
concept (that…)	concept	that
conception (of sth)	conception	of
conception (that…)	conception	that
conceptualize sth (as sth)	conceptualize	as
concern (about sth/sb)	concern	about
concern (for sth/sb)	concern	for
concern (over sth/sb)	concern	over
concern (that…)	concern	that
concern sb	concern
concern sb that…	concern	that
concern sb/sth	concern
concern sth	concern
concern yourself with/about sth	concern	yourself	with	about
concerned (about/with sth)	concerned	about	with
concerned (that)…	concerned	that
concerned about/for sth	concerned	about	for
concerned for sth	concerned	for
conciliate sb	conciliate
conclude (that)…	conclude	that
conclude by doing sth	conclude	by	doing
conclude from sth that…	conclude	from	that
conclude sth (from sth)	conclude	from
conclude sth (with sb)	conclude	with
conclude sth (with sth)	conclude	with
conclude with sth	conclude	with
concoct sth	concoct
concord (with sb)	concord	with
concord (with sth)	concord	with
concrete sth (over)	concrete	over
concur (that…)	concur	that
concur (with sb) (in sth)	concur	with	in
concur (with sth)	concur	with
concurrent (with sth)	concurrent	with
concuss sb	concuss
condemn sb	condemn
condemn sb (to sth)	condemn	to
condemn sb to do sth	condemn	to	do
condemn sb to sth	condemn	to
condemn sb/sth (for/as sth)	condemn	for	as
condemn sth (as sth)	condemn	as
condemnation (of sb/sth)	condemnation	of
condense (into sth)	condense	into
condense (sth)	condense
condense sth (into sth)	condense	into
condescend to do sth	condescend	to	do
condescend to sb	condescend	to
condition sb/sth	condition
condition sb/sth (to sth)	condition	to
condition sb/sth to do sth	condition	to	do
condition sth	condition
conditional (on/upon sth)	conditional	on	upon
condone (sb) doing sth	condone	doing
condone sth	condone
conducive to sth	conducive	to
conduct (sth)	conduct
conduct of sth	conduct	of
conduct sb/sth + adv./prep.	conduct	adv	prep
conduct sth	conduct
conduct yourself + adv./prep.	conduct	yourself	adv	prep
cone sth↔off	cone↔off
confer (with sb) (on/about sth)	confer	with	on	about
confer sth (on/upon sb)	confer	on	upon
confess (sth) (to sb)	confess	to
confess (that)…	confess	that
confess sb	confess
confess sth	confess
confess to sth/to doing sth	confess	to	to	doing
confess yourself + adj.	confess	yourself	adj
confide (to sb) that…	confide	to	that
confide in sb	confide	in
confide sth (to sb)	confide	to
confidence (in sb/sth)	confidence	in
confident of sth/doing sth	confident	of	doing
confident that…	confident	that
configure sth	configure
confine sb/sth (in sth)	confine	in
confine sb/sth to sth	confine	to
confirm (that)…	confirm	that
confirm sb	confirm
confirm sb (in sth)	confirm	in
confirm sb as sth	confirm	as
confirm sb in sth	confirm	in
confirm sth	confirm
confirm what/when, etc…	confirm	what	when
confiscate sth	confiscate
conflate A and/with B	conflate	A	and	with	B
conflict (between A and B)	conflict	between	A	and	B
conflict (over sth)	conflict	over
conflict (with sth)	conflict	with
conflict of interest(s)	conflict	of	interests
conform to sth	conform	to
conform to/with sth	conform	to	with
conformable to/with sth	conformable	to	with
conformance (to/with sth)	conformance	to	with
conformity (to/with sth)	conformity	to	with
confound it/you!	confound	it	you!
confound sb	confound
confound sb/sth	confound
confront sb	confront
confront sb with sb/sth	confront	with
confront sb/sth	confront
confront sth	confront
confrontation (between A and B)	confrontation	between	A	and	B
confrontation (with sb)	confrontation	with
confuse A and/with B	confuse	A	and	with	B
confuse sb	confuse
confuse sth	confuse
confusion (about/over sth)	confusion	about	over
confusion (as to sth)	confusion	as	to
confusion (between A and B)	confusion	between	A	and	B
confute sb/sth	confute
congenial (to sb)	congenial	to
congenial (to sth)	congenial	to
congested (with sth)	congested	with
congratulate sb (on sth)	congratulate	on
congratulate yourself (on sth)	congratulate	yourself	on
congruent (with sth)	congruent	with
conjecture (about sth)	conjecture	about
conjecture sth	conjecture
conjecture sth to do sth	conjecture	to	do
conjecture that…	conjecture	that
conjecture what/how, etc…	conjecture	what	how
conjoin (sth)	conjoin
conjugate sth	conjugate
conjure sth + adv./prep.	conjure	adv	prep
conjure sth from/out of sth	conjure	from	out	of
conjure sth↔up	conjure↔up
conk sb	conk
connect (A to/with/and B)	connect	A	to	with	and	B
connect (sb) (to sth)	connect	to
connect (with sb)	connect	with
connect (with sb/sth)	connect	with
connect (with sth)	connect	with
connect sb	connect
connect sb/sth (with sb/sth)	connect	with
connect sth (to sth)	connect	to
connect sth↔up (to sth)	connect↔up	to
connect up (to sth)	connect	up	to
connected (with sb/sth)	connected	with
connectedness (to/with sb/sth)	connectedness	to	with
connection (between A and B)	connection	between	A	and	B
connection (to sth)	connection	to
connection (with sth)	connection	with
connive (with sb) (to do sth)	connive	with	to	do
connive at/in sth	connive	at	in
connote sth	connote
conquer sb	conquer
conquer sb/sth	conquer
conquer sth	conquer
conscientize sb/yourself	conscientize	yourself
conscious of doing sth	conscious	of	doing
conscious of sth	conscious	of
conscious that…	conscious	that
conscript sb (into sth)	conscript	into
consecrate sb (as) (sth)	consecrate	as
consecrate sth	consecrate
consecrate sth/sb/yourself to sth	consecrate	yourself	to
consensus (about/on sth)	consensus	about	on
consensus (among sb) (about/on sth)	consensus	among	about	on
consensus (that…)	consensus	that
consent (to sth)	consent	to
consent to do sth	consent	to	do
consent to sth	consent	to
consequence (of sth) (for sb/sth)	consequence	of	for
consequent on/upon sth	consequent	on	upon
conserve sth	conserve
consider (that)…	consider	that
consider doing sth	consider	doing
consider how/what, etc…	consider	how	what
consider sb/sth	consider
consider sb/sth (as) sth	consider	as
consider sb/sth (to be) sth	consider	to	be
consider sb/sth + adj.	consider	adj
consider sb/sth + noun	consider	noun
consider sb/sth to do sth	consider	to	do
consider sth	consider
consideration (for sb/sth)	consideration	for
consign sb/sth to sth	consign	to
consign sth to sb	consign	to
consist doing sth	consist	doing
consist in sth	consist	in
consist of sb/sth	consist	of
consistent with sth	consistent	with
console sb + speech	console	speech
console sb/yourself	console	yourself
console sb/yourself that…	console	yourself	that
console sb/yourself with sth	console	yourself	with
consolidate (sth)	consolidate
consonance (with sth)	consonance	with
consonant with sth	consonant	with
consort with sb	consort	with
conspiracy (against sb/sth)	conspiracy	against
conspiracy (to do sth)	conspiracy	to	do
conspiracy (to sth)	conspiracy	to
conspire (together) (to do sth)	conspire	together	to	do
conspire (with sb) (against sb)	conspire	with	against
conspire (with sb) (to do sth)	conspire	with	to	do
conspire against sb/sth	conspire	against
conspire to do sth	conspire	to	do
constitute sth	constitute
constitutive (of sth)	constitutive	of
constrain sb (from doing sth)	constrain	from	doing
constrain sb to do sth	constrain	to	do
constrain sth	constrain
constraint on sth	constraint	on
constrict sb	constrict
constrict sth	constrict
construct sth	construct
construct sth from/out of/of sth	construct	from	out	of	of
construe sth	construe
construe sth as sth	construe	as
consult sb	consult
consult sb about sth	consult	about
consult sb about/on sth	consult	about	on
consult sth	consult
consult with sb (about/on sth)	consult	with	about	on
consultant on sth	consultant	on
consume sb (with sth)	consume	with
consume sth	consume
consummate sth	consummate
contact (between A and B)	contact	between	A	and	B
contact (with sb)	contact	with
contact sb	contact
contain sth	contain
contaminate sth	contaminate
contaminate sth (with sth)	contaminate	with
contemplate (sth)	contemplate
contemplate doing sth	contemplate	doing
contemplate how/what, etc…	contemplate	how	what
contemplate sb/sth	contemplate
contemplate sth	contemplate
contemplate that…	contemplate	that
contemporaneous (with sb/sth)	contemporaneous	with
contemporary (with sb/sth)	contemporary	with
contempt for sb/sth	contempt	for
contempt for sth	contempt	for
contemptuous of sb/sth	contemptuous	of
contend (for sth)	contend	for
contend that…	contend	that
contend with sth/sb	contend	with
content (with sth)	content	with
content sb	content
content to do sth	content	to	do
content yourself with sth	content	yourself	with
contention (that…)	contention	that
contest (for sth)	contest	for
contest sth	contest
contextualize sth	contextualize
contiguous with/to sth	contiguous	with	to
contingent (on/upon sth)	contingent	on	upon
continuation in sth	continuation	in
continue (as sth)	continue	as
continue (with sth)	continue	with
continue adv./prep.	continue	adv	prep
continue doing sth	continue	doing
continue sth	continue
continue to do sth	continue	to	do
contort sth	contort
contract (on sb)	contract	on
contract between A and B	contract	between	A	and	B
contract for sth	contract	for
contract in (to sth)	contract	in	to
contract out (of sth)	contract	out	of
contract sb (to sth)	contract	to
contract sb to do sth	contract	to	do
contract sth	contract
contract sth to sth	contract	to
contract sth↔out (to sb)	contract↔out	to
contract to do sth	contract	to	do
contract with sb	contract	with
contradict (sb) + speech	contradict	speech
contradict sb/yourself	contradict	yourself
contradict sth	contradict
contradiction (between A and B)	contradiction	between	A	and	B
contraindicate sth	contraindicate
contrary to sth	contrary	to
contrast (A and/with B)	contrast	A	and	with	B
contrast (between A and B)	contrast	between	A	and	B
contrast (in sth)	contrast	in
contrast (of sth)	contrast	of
contrast (to sb/sth)	contrast	to
contrast (with sb/sth)	contrast	with
contrast (with sth)	contrast	with
contravene sth	contravene
contribute (to sth)	contribute	to
contribute (to/towards sth)	contribute	to	towards
contribute sth (to sth)	contribute	to
contribute sth (to/towards sth)	contribute	to	towards
contribute sth to sth	contribute	to
contribute to sth	contribute	to
contribution (to sth)	contribution	to
contribution (toward(s) sth/doing sth)	contribution	towards	doing
contributor (to sth)	contributor	to
contrive sth	contrive
contrive to do sth	contrive	to	do
control (of/on sth)	control	of	on
control (of/over sb/sth)	control	of	over
control sb/sth	control
control sth	control
control what/how, etc…	control	what	how
controversy (over/about/surrounding sb/sth)	controversy	over	about	surrounding
controvert sth	controvert
convene sth	convene
convenient (for sb/sth)	convenient	for
convenient (for sth)	convenient	for
convenient (to sth)	convenient	to
conventional/received wisdom	conventional	received	wisdom
converge (on…)	converge	on
conversant with sth	conversant	with
conversation (with sb) (about sth)	conversation	with	about
converse (with sb)	converse	with
conversion (from sth) (into/to sth)	conversion	from	into	to
conversion (from sth) (to sth)	conversion	from	to
convert (from sth) (into/to sth)	convert	from	into	to
convert (from sth) (to sth)	convert	from	to
convert (from sth) to sth	convert	from	to
convert into/to sth	convert	into	to
convert sb (from sth) (to sth)	convert	from	to
convert sth	convert
convert sth (into sth)	convert	into
convertible into/to sth	convertible	into	to
convey how, what, etc…	convey	how	what
convey sb/sth (from…) (to…)	convey	from	to
convey sth	convey
convey sth to sb	convey	to
convey that…	convey	that
convict sb (of sth)	convict	of
conviction (for sth)	conviction	for
conviction (that…)	conviction	that
convince sb to do sth	convince	to	do
convince sb/yourself (of sth)	convince	yourself	of
convince sb/yourself (that)…	convince	yourself	that
convinced of sth	convinced	of
convinced that…	convinced	that
convoke sb/sth	convoke
convulse (sb) (with sth)	convulse	with
cook sb sth	cook
cook sb's goose	cook	sbs	goose
cook sth	cook
cook sth↔up	cook↔up
cool down/off	cool	down	off
cool sb↔down/off	cool	sb↔down	off
cool sth	cool
cool sth↔down/off	cool↔down	off
Coolidge, (John) Calvin	Coolidge	John	Calvin
coop sb/sth up	coop	up
cooperate (with sb) (in/on sth)	cooperate	with	in	on
cooperation (between A and B)	cooperation	between	A	and	B
cooperation (in doing sth)	cooperation	in	doing
cooperation (with sb) (in doing sth)	cooperation	with	in	doing
coordinate (sth) (with sth)	coordinate	with
coordinate sth	coordinate
cop hold of sth	cop	hold	of
cop off (with sb)	cop	off	with
cop out (of sth)	cop	out	of
cop sth	cop
cope with sth	cope	with
coppice (sth)	coppice
copulate (with sb/sth)	copulate	with
copy (from/off sb)	copy	from	off
copy (of sth)	copy	of
copy sb in (on sth)	copy	in	on
copy sb/sth	copy
copy sth	copy
copy sth (down/out)	copy	down	out
copy sth (from sth) (into/onto sth)	copy	from	into	onto
copyright (in/on sth)	copyright	in	on
copyright sth	copyright
cordon sth↔off	cordon↔off
core sth	core
cork sth	cork
corkscrew adv./prep.	corkscrew	adv	prep
corner sb	corner
corner sb/sth	corner
corollary (of/to sth)	corollary	of	to
corral sb	corral
corral sth	corral
correct (sb) + speech	correct	speech
correct sb	correct
correct sth	correct
corrective (to sth)	corrective	to
correlate sth	correlate
correlate with sth	correlate	with
correlation (between A and B)	correlation	between	A	and	B
correlation (of A with B)	correlation	of	A	with	B
correspond (to sth)	correspond	to
correspond (with sb)	correspond	with
correspond to sth	correspond	to
correspond with sth	correspond	with
correspondence (between A and B)	correspondence	between	A	and	B
correspondence (with sb)	correspondence	with
corresponding to sth	corresponding	to
corroborate (sth)	corroborate
corrode (sth)	corrode
corrupt (sth)	corrupt
corrupt sb	corrupt
corrupt sth	corrupt
cosh sb	cosh
cosset sb	cosset
cost sb dear	cost	dear
cost sb sth	cost
cost sth	cost
cost sth out	cost	out
cost sth to do sth	cost	to	do
cost/pay an arm and a leg	cost	pay	an	arm	and	a	leg
cosy up to sb	cosy	up	to
coterminous (with sth)	coterminous	with
cotton (up) to sb/sth	cotton	up	to
cotton on (to sth)	cotton	on	to
couch sth (in sth)	couch	in
cough sth (up)	cough	up
cough sth↔up	cough↔up
could do with sth	could	do	with
could/might just as well…	could	might	just	as	well
could/might/may just	could	might	may	just
counsel sb	counsel
counsel sb to do sth	counsel	to	do
counsel sth	counsel
count (from sth) to/up to sth	count	from	to	up	to
count (sb/sth) as sb/sth	count	as
count (up) how many…	count	up	how	many
count against sb	count	against
count as sb/sth	count	as
count doing sth	count	doing
count down (to sth)	count	down	to
count for sth	count	for
count from…	count	from
count on sb/sth	count	on
count sb in	count	in
count sb out	count	out
count sb/sth	count
count sb/sth (as) sb/sth	count	as
count sb/sth doing sth	count	doing
count sb/sth to do sth	count	to	do
count sb/sth/yourself + adj.	count	yourself	adj
count sb/sth/yourself + adv./prep.	count	yourself	adv	prep
count sb/sth/yourself + noun	count	yourself	noun
count sb/sth↔out	count	sb↔out
count sth	count
count sth (up)	count	up
count sth against sb	count	against
count the cost (of sth)	count	the	cost	of
count to/up to sth	count	to	up	to
count towards/toward sth	count	towards	toward
countdown (to sth)	countdown	to
countenance (sb) doing sth	countenance	doing
countenance sth	countenance
counter (sb) + speech	counter	speech
counter (sb/sth) (with sth)	counter	with
counter (to sb/sth)	counter	to
counter sb/sth	counter
counter sth	counter
counter that…	counter	that
counter to sth	counter	to
counter with sth	counter	with
counter-attack (sb)	counterattack
counteract sth	counteract
counterbalance (to sth)	counterbalance	to
counterbalance sth	counterbalance
counterblast (to sth)	counterblast	to
counterfeit sth	counterfeit
countermand sth	countermand
counterpoint (to sth)	counterpoint	to
counterpoint sth (with/against sth)	counterpoint	with	against
countersign sth	countersign
couple (of sth)	couple	of
couple A (to B)	couple	A	to	B
couple A and B together	couple	A	and	B	together
couple sb/sth with sb/sth	couple	with
courier sth	courier
course (in/on sth)	course	in	on
course (of sth)	course	of
course adv./prep.	course	adv	prep
course of sth	course	of
court sb	court
court sth	court
court-martial sb	courtmartial
courtesy of sb/sth	courtesy	of
courtship (of sb/sth)	courtship	of
covenant sth	covenant
cover (against sth)	cover	against
cover (for sth)	cover	for
cover for sb	cover	for
cover sb	cover
cover sb/sth	cover
cover sb/sth (against/for sth)	cover	against	for
cover sb/sth in sth	cover	in
cover sb/sth to do sth	cover	to	do
cover sb/sth with sth	cover	with
cover sth	cover
cover sth (with sth)	cover	with
cover sth↔in	cover↔in
cover sth↔over	cover↔over
cover sth↔up	cover↔up
cover yourself (against sth)	cover	yourself	against
cover/hide a multitude of sins	cover	hide	a	multitude	of	sins
covered in/with sth	covered	in	with
covet sth	covet
cow sb	cow
cox (sth)	cox
coy (about sth)	coy	about
cozy up to sb	cozy	up	to
crack (at doing sth)	crack	at	doing
crack (at sth)	crack	at
crack (in sth)	crack	in
crack (on sth)	crack	on
crack adv./prep.	crack	adv	prep
crack down (on sb/sth)	crack	down	on
crack on (with sth)	crack	on	with
crack sb up	crack	up
crack sth	crack
crack sth + adv./prep.	crack	adv	prep
crack sth/sb (on/against sth)	crack	on	against
crackdown (on sb/sth)	crackdown	on
cradle of sth	cradle	of
cradle sb/sth	cradle
craft sth	craft
cram (for sth)	cram	for
cram into/onto sth	cram	into	onto
cram sb/sth into/onto sth	cram	into	onto
cram sth	cram
cram sth + adv./prep.	cram	adv	prep
cram sth full	cram	full
cram sth in	cram	in
crammed (with sb/sth)	crammed	with
cramp sb's style	cramp	sbs	style
cramp sth	cramp
crane adv./prep.	crane	adv	prep
crane sth	crane
crank sth (up)	crank	up
crank sth↔out	crank↔out
crank sth↔up	crank↔up
crash (out)	crash	out
crash (sth)	crash
crash adv./prep	crash	adv	prep
crash adv./prep.	crash	adv	prep
crash into sth	crash	into
crash out (of sth)	crash	out	of
crash sth	crash
crash sth (into sth)	crash	into
crash sth + adj.	crash	adj
crash-land (sth)	crashland
crash-test sth	crashtest
crate sth (up)	crate	up
crave (for) sth	crave	for
crave sth	crave
crave to do sth	crave	to	do
craving (for sth)	craving	for
craving (to do sth)	craving	to	do
crawl (to sb)	crawl	to
crawl adv./prep.	crawl	adv	prep
crayon (sth)	crayon
craze (for sth)	craze	for
crazed (with sth)	crazed	with
crazy (about sth)	crazy	about
crazy about sb	crazy	about
cream sb	cream
cream sb/sth↔off	cream	sb↔off
cream sth (together)	cream	together
crease (sth)	crease
crease sb up	crease	up
create sth	create
create sth + noun	create	noun
credential sb	credential
credentials (as/for sth)	credentials	as	for
credit (for sth)	credit	for
credit A (with B)	credit	A	with	B
credit A with B	credit	A	with	B
credit B (to A)	credit	B	to	A
credit sb	credit
credit sb/sth as sth	credit	as
credit sth	credit
credit that…	credit	that
credit to sb/sth	credit	to
credit what, how, etc…	credit	what	how
creep (to sb)	creep	to
creep adv./prep.	creep	adv	prep
creep in/into sth	creep	in	into
creep sb out	creep	out
creep up on sb	creep	up	on
cremate sb/sth	cremate
creolize sth	creolize
creosote sth	creosote
crest (of sth)	crest	of
crest sth	crest
crew (for sb)	crew	for
crew (sth)	crew
crib (sth) (from sb)	crib	from
crick sth	crick
crime (against sb)	crime	against
criminalize sb	criminalize
criminalize sth	criminalize
crimp sth	crimp
crinkle sth	crinkle
cripple sb	cripple
cripple sb/sth	cripple
crisp (sth)	crisp
criss-cross (sth)	crisscross
criss-cross sth (with sth)	crisscross	with
critical of sb/sth	critical	of
criticism of sb/sth	criticism	of
criticism that…	criticism	that
criticize sb/sth	criticize
criticize sb/sth for sth	criticize	for
criticize sth	criticize
critique sth	critique
croak sth	croak
crochet (sth)	crochet
crook sth	crook
crooked (on sb)	crooked	on
croon (sth)	croon
crop sth	crop
crop sth (+ adj.)	crop	adj
cross (between A and B)	cross	between	A	and	B
cross (over)	cross	over
cross (over) (from…) (to/into…)	cross	over	from	to	into
cross (with sb)	cross	with
cross A and B	cross	A	and	B
cross A with B	cross	A	with	B
cross my heart (and hope to die)	cross	my	heart	and	hope	to	die
cross over (to/into sth)	cross	over	to	into
cross over sth	cross	over
cross reference (to sth)	cross	reference	to
cross sb	cross
cross sb's palm with silver	cross	sbs	palm	with	silver
cross sb's path	cross	sbs	path
cross sb/sth off sth	cross	off
cross sb/sth↔off	cross	sb↔off
cross sth	cross
cross sth↔out/through	cross↔out	through
cross swords (with sb)	cross	swords	with
cross-breed (sth)	crossbreed
cross-check sth	crosscheck
cross-check sth against sth	crosscheck	against
cross-examine sb	crossexamine
cross-fertilize sth	crossfertilize
cross-hatch sth	crosshatch
cross-pollinate sth	crosspollinate
cross-question sb	crossquestion
cross-refer (sth) to sth	crossrefer	to
crouch adv./prep.	crouch	adv	prep
crouch over sb/sth	crouch	over
crow (about/over sth)	crow	about	over
crow that…	crow	that
crowd around/round (sb/sth)	crowd	around	round
crowd in (on sb)	crowd	in	on
crowd into sth	crowd	into
crowd into/onto sth	crowd	into	onto
crowd sb	crowd
crowd sb/sth in	crowd	in
crowd sb/sth into/onto sth	crowd	into	onto
crowd sb/sth out	crowd	out
crowd sth	crowd
crowded (with sth)	crowded	with
crown sb	crown
crown sb + noun	crown	noun
crown sth	crown
crown sth (with sth)	crown	with
crucial that…	crucial	that
crucial to/for sth	crucial	to	for
crucify sb	crucify
cruel (to sb/sth)	cruel	to
cruelty (to sb/sth)	cruelty	to
cruise (sth)	cruise
cruise adv./prep.	cruise	adv	prep
cruise sth	cruise
crumble into/to sth	crumble	into	to
crumble sth	crumble
crumple (sth) (up) (into sth)	crumple	up	into
crumple (up)	crumple	up
crunch (on) sth	crunch	on
crunch (sth)	crunch
crunch adv./prep.	crunch	adv	prep
crunch sth	crunch
crunch sth↔up	crunch↔up
crusade (for/against sth)	crusade	for	against
crusade (to do sth)	crusade	to	do
crush (on sb)	crush	on
crush (sth)	crush
crush sb	crush
crush sb/sth	crush
crush sb/sth + adv./prep.	crush	adv	prep
crush sth	crush
crusted (with sth)	crusted	with
cry (for sth)	cry	for
cry about/over sth	cry	about	over
cry for sb/sth	cry	for
cry for sth	cry	for
cry out for sth	cry	out	for
cry out/cry out sth	cry	out	cry	out
cry with sth	cry	with
crystallize (sth)	crystallize
crystallize sth	crystallize
cube sth	cube
cuckold sb	cuckold
cuddle sth (+ adj.)	cuddle	adj
cuddle up (to/against sb/sth)	cuddle	up	to	against
cuddle up (together)	cuddle	up	together
cudgel sb	cudgel
cue (for sth)	cue	for
cue (to do sth)	cue	to	do
cue sb	cue
cuff sb	cuff
cull sth	cull
cull sth from sth	cull	from
culminate (in/with sth)	culminate	in	with
cult (of sth)	cult	of
cultivate sb/sth	cultivate
cultivate sth	cultivate
culture sth	culture
curate sth	curate
curb (on sth)	curb	on
curb sth	curb
curdle (sth)	curdle
cure (for sth)	cure	for
cure sb (of sth)	cure	of
cure sb of sth	cure	of
cure sth	cure
curiosity (about sth)	curiosity	about
curiosity (to do sth)	curiosity	to	do
curious (about sth)	curious	about
curious (that…)	curious	that
curious (to do sth)	curious	to	do
curiously, funnily, oddly, strangely, etc. enough	curiously	funnily	oddly	strangely	etc	enough
curl (sth)	curl
curl adv./prep.	curl	adv	prep
curl sb up	curl	up
curl sth (+ adv./prep.)	curl	adv	prep
curl sth↔up	curl↔up
curry favour (with sb)	curry	favour	with
curry sth	curry
curse sb/sth	curse
curse sb/sth/yourself	curse	yourself
curse sb/sth/yourself for sth	curse	yourself	for
curtail sth	curtail
curtain sth	curtain
curtain sth↔off	curtain↔off
curtain-raiser (to sth)	curtainraiser	to
curtsy (to sb)	curtsy	to
curve (sth) (+ adv./prep.)	curve	adv	prep
cushion (against sth)	cushion	against
cushion sb/sth (against/from sth)	cushion	against	from
cushion sth	cushion
cuss (sb/sth)	cuss
custom (of doing sth)	custom	of	doing
customize sth	customize
cut (from sth) to sth	cut	from	to
cut (in sth)	cut	in
cut (sth)	cut
cut a swathe through sth	cut	a	swathe	through
cut a… figure	cut	a	figure
cut across sth	cut	across
cut both/two ways	cut	both	two	ways
cut down (on sth)	cut	down	on
cut in (on sb/sth)	cut	in	on
cut it/things fine	cut	it	things	fine
cut no ice (with sb)	cut	no	ice	with
cut sb	cut
cut sb (from sth)	cut	from
cut sb + adj.	cut	adj
cut sb dead	cut	dead
cut sb down to size	cut	down	to	size
cut sb in (on sth)	cut	in	on
cut sb some slack	cut	some	slack
cut sb sth	cut
cut sb to the quick	cut	to	the	quick
cut sb/sth off (from sb/sth)	cut	off	from
cut sb/sth↔off	cut	sb↔off
cut sb/sth↔up	cut	sb↔up
cut sb↔down	cut	sb↔down
cut sb↔off	cut	sb↔off
cut sb↔out (of sth)	cut	sb↔out	of
cut sb↔up	cut	sb↔up
cut sth	cut
cut sth (from sth)	cut	from
cut sth (from…) (to…)	cut	from	to
cut sth (in sth)	cut	in
cut sth (with sth)	cut	with
cut sth + adj.	cut	adj
cut sth by…	cut	by
cut sth for sb	cut	for
cut sth in/into sth	cut	in	into
cut sth↔away (from sth)	cut↔away	from
cut sth↔back	cut↔back
cut sth↔down	cut↔down
cut sth↔down (to…)	cut↔down	to
cut sth↔off	cut↔off
cut sth↔out	cut↔out
cut sth↔out (of sth)	cut↔out	of
cut sth↔up	cut↔up
cut the ground from under sb's feet	cut	the	ground	from	under	sbs	feet
cut through sth	cut	through
cut your teeth on sth	cut	your	teeth	on
cut, pare, etc. sth to the bone	cut	pare	etc	to	the	bone
cut/tear, etc. sth to ribbons	cut	tear	etc	to	ribbons
cutaway (to sb/sth)	cutaway	to
cutback (in sth)	cutback	in
cwtch (sb)	cwtch
cycle adv./prep.	cycle	adv	prep
dab at sth	dab	at
dab sth	dab
dab sth + adv./prep.	dab	adv	prep
dabble (in/with sth)	dabble	in	with
dabble sth (in sth)	dabble	in
dally with sb/sth	dally	with
dam sth (up)	dam	up
damage (to sb/sth)	damage	to
damage (to sth)	damage	to
damage sth/sb	damage
damaging to sb/sth	damaging	to
damn sb	damn
damn sb/sth	damn
damn sb/sth with faint praise	damn	with	faint	praise
damn the consequences, expense, etc.	damn	the	consequences	expense	etc
damp down sth	damp	down
damp sth	damp
damp sth↔down	damp↔down
dampen sth	dampen
dance attendance on sb	dance	attendance	on
dance sth	dance
dance to sb's tune	dance	to	sbs	tune
dandle sb	dandle
danger (of sth)	danger	of
danger (to sb/sth)	danger	to
danger of sth	danger	of
danger that…	danger	that
dangerous for sb	dangerous	for
dangerous for sb to do sth	dangerous	for	to	do
dangle sth	dangle
dangle sth before/in front of sb	dangle	before	in	front	of
dangleadv./prep.	dangleadv	prep
dare (to) do sth	dare	to	do
dare sb	dare
dare sb to do sth	dare	to	do
darken sth	darken
darn (sth)	darn
dart adv./prep.	dart	adv	prep
dash (it)!	dash	it!
dash (of sth)	dash	of
dash adv./prep.	dash	adv	prep
dash sb's hopes	dash	sbs	hopes
dash sth + adv./prep.	dash	adv	prep
dash sth↔off	dash↔off
date (sb)	date
date back (to…)	date	back	to
date from…	date	from
date sb	date
date sth	date
date sth (at/to sth)	date	at	to
daub A on, etc. B	daub	A	on	etc	B
daub adv./prep.	daub	adv	prep
daunt sb	daunt
dawdle adv./prep.	dawdle	adv	prep
dawn (of sth)	dawn	of
dawn on sb	dawn	on
daydream (about sb/sth)	daydream	about
dazzle (sb)	dazzle
dazzle sb	dazzle
de-ice sth	deice
de-stress (sb/yourself)	destress	yourself
deactivate sth	deactivate
dead to sth	dead	to
deaden sth	deaden
deadhead sth	deadhead
deadline (for sth)	deadline	for
deaf to sth	deaf	to
deafen sb	deafen
deal (sth)	deal
deal (sth) (out) (to sb)	deal	out	to
deal a blow to sb/sth	deal	a	blow	to
deal in sth	deal	in
deal sb in	deal	in
deal sb sth	deal
deal sb/sth a blow	deal	a	blow
deal sth↔out	deal↔out
deal with sb	deal	with
deal with sb/sth	deal	with
deal with sth	deal	with
dealer in sth	dealer	in
dear old/little…	dear	old	little
dear to sb	dear	to
dearth (of sth)	dearth	of
death of sth	death	of
debar sb (from sth/from doing sth)	debar	from	from	doing
debase sb/sth	debase
debate (on/about/over sth)	debate	on	about	over
debate (sth)	debate
debate (with yourself)	debate	with	yourself
debate doing sth	debate	doing
debate whether, what, etc…	debate	whether	what
debilitate sb/sth	debilitate
debilitate sth	debilitate
debit sth	debit
debrief sb (on sth)	debrief	on
debug sth	debug
debunk sth	debunk
debut sth	debut
decamp (from…) (to…)	decamp	from	to
decant sth (into sth)	decant	into
decapitate sb/sth	decapitate
decay (sth)	decay
deceive (sb)	deceive
deceive sb	deceive
deceive sb into doing sth	deceive	into	doing
deceive yourself (that…)	deceive	yourself	that
decelerate (sth)	decelerate
decentralize (sth)	decentralize
decide (sth)	decide
decide (that)…	decide	that
decide against sb	decide	against
decide against sth	decide	against
decide between A and B	decide	between	A	and	B
decide for/in favour of sb	decide	for	in	favour	of
decide if, whether, etc…	decide	if	whether
decide in sb's favour	decide	in	sbs	favour
decide on/upon sth	decide	on	upon
decide sb (to do sth)	decide	to	do
decide sth	decide
decide to do sth	decide	to	do
decide what, whether, etc…	decide	what	whether
decimalize sth	decimalize
decimate sth	decimate
decipher sth	decipher
decision (on/about sth)	decision	on	about
decision (to do sth)	decision	to	do
deck sb	deck
deck sb/sth (out) (in/with sth)	deck	out	in	with
declaim (against) sth	declaim	against
declaim that…	declaim	that
declare against sb/sth	declare	against
declare for sb/sth	declare	for
declare sth	declare
declare sth + adj.	declare	adj
declare sth + noun	declare	noun
declare sth to be sth	declare	to	be
declare that…	declare	that
declare yourself + adj./noun	declare	yourself	adj	noun
declassify sth	declassify
decline (in sth)	decline	in
decline (of sth)	decline	of
decline (sth)	decline
decline sth	decline
decline to do sth	decline	to	do
declutter sth	declutter
decode sth	decode
decommission sth	decommission
decompose (sth) (into sth)	decompose	into
decompose sth	decompose
decompress (sth)	decompress
decompress sth	decompress
deconsecrate sth	deconsecrate
deconstruct sth	deconstruct
decontaminate sth	decontaminate
decontrol sth	decontrol
decorate sb (for sth)	decorate	for
decorate sth	decorate
decorate sth (with sth)	decorate	with
decouple sth (from sth)	decouple	from
decoy sth	decoy
decrease (from sth) (to sth)	decrease	from	to
decrease (in sth)	decrease	in
decrease (of sth)	decrease	of
decrease by sth	decrease	by
decrease in sth	decrease	in
decrease sth	decrease
decree (sth)	decree
decree what, how, etc…	decree	what	how
decriminalize sth	decriminalize
decry sb/sth (as sth)	decry	as
decrypt sth	decrypt
dedicate sth	dedicate
dedicate sth to sb	dedicate	to
dedicate sth to sb/sth	dedicate	to
dedicate yourself/sth to doing sth	dedicate	yourself	to	doing
dedicate yourself/sth to sth	dedicate	yourself	to
dedicated to sth	dedicated	to
dedication (to sth)	dedication	to
deduce (from sth) that, what, how, etc…	deduce	from	that	what	how
deduce sth (from sth)	deduce	from
deduct sth	deduct
deduct sth from sth	deduct	from
deem (that)…	deem	that
deem sth + noun/adj.	deem	noun	adj
deem sth to be sth	deem	to	be
deep (below, into, under, etc.)	deep	below	into	under	etc
deep in sth	deep	in
deep-fry sth	deepfry
deep-six sth	deepsix
deepen (sth)	deepen
deepen (sth) (into sth)	deepen	into
deepen (sth) (to sth)	deepen	to
deepen sth	deepen
deface sth	deface
defame sb/sth	defame
default (on sth)	default	on
default (to sth)	default	to
defeat sb	defeat
defeat sb/sth	defeat
defeat sth	defeat
defect (from sth) (to sth)	defect	from	to
defection (from sth) (to sth)	defection	from	to
defence (against sth)	defence	against
defend (sb/yourself)	defend	yourself
defend (sth)	defend
defend against sb/sth	defend	against
defend sb/yourself/sth	defend	yourself
defend sb/yourself/sth from/against sb/sth	defend	yourself	from	against
defend sth	defend
defer (doing) sth	defer	doing
defer to sb/sth	defer	to
deficiency (in/of sth)	deficiency	in	of
deficient (in sth)	deficient	in
defile sth	defile
define sth	define
define sth as sth	define	as
define what, how, etc…	define	what	how
definite (about sth)	definite	about
definite (that…)	definite	that
deflate (sth)	deflate
deflate sb/sth	deflate
deflate sth	deflate
deflect sb (from sth)	deflect	from
deflect sth	deflect
deflower sb	deflower
defog (sth)	defog
defoliate sth	defoliate
deforest sth	deforest
deform sth	deform
defragment sth	defragment
defraud sb (of sth)	defraud	of
defrock sb	defrock
defrost (sth)	defrost
defrost sth	defrost
defuse sth	defuse
defy sb/sth	defy
defy sth	defy
degenerate into sth	degenerate	into
degrade (sth)	degrade
degrade sb	degrade
degrade sth	degrade
degrease sth	degrease
dehumanize sb	dehumanize
dehydrate sb	dehydrate
dehydrate sth	dehydrate
deify sb	deify
deign to do sth	deign	to	do
delay doing sth	delay	doing
delay sb	delay
delay sth	delay
delegate (sth) (to sb)	delegate	to
delegate sb to do sth	delegate	to	do
delete sth (from sth)	delete	from
deliberate (on) whether, what, etc…	deliberate	on	whether	what
delight in sth/doing sth	delight	in	doing
delight sb	delight
delighted by/at sth	delighted	by	at
delighted that…	delighted	that
delighted to do sth	delighted	to	do
delighted with sth	delighted	with
delimit sth	delimit
delineate sth	delineate
deliver (sth) to sb/sth	deliver	to
deliver (to sb/sth)	deliver	to
deliver on sth	deliver	on
deliver sb (from sth)	deliver	from
deliver sb/sth (up/over) (to sb)	deliver	up	over	to
deliver sth	deliver
deliverance (from sth)	deliverance	from
delouse sb/sth	delouse
delude sb	delude
delude sb/yourself into doing sth	delude	yourself	into	doing
delude yourself that…	delude	yourself	that
deluge sb/sth (with sth)	deluge	with
deluge sth	deluge
delve adv./prep.	delve	adv	prep
delve into sth	delve	into
demand (for sth/sb)	demand	for
demand (for sth/that…)	demand	for	that
demand (of sth)	demand	of
demand (on sb)	demand	on
demand sth	demand
demand that…	demand	that
demand to do sth	demand	to	do
demarcate sth	demarcate
demean sb/sth	demean
demerge (sth)	demerge
demilitarize sth	demilitarize
demist sth	demist
demo sth	demo
demob sb	demob
demobilize sb	demobilize
democratize sth	democratize
demolish sb/sth	demolish
demolish sth	demolish
demonize sb/sth	demonize
demonstrate (against sth)	demonstrate	against
demonstrate (in favour/support of sth)	demonstrate	in	favour	support	of
demonstrate (to sb) how, what, etc…	demonstrate	to	how	what
demonstrate how, what, etc…	demonstrate	how	what
demonstrate sb/sth to be sth	demonstrate	to	be
demonstrate sth	demonstrate
demonstrate sth (to sb)	demonstrate	to
demonstrate that…	demonstrate	that
demonstration (against sb/sth)	demonstration	against
demoralize sb	demoralize
demote sb (from sth) (to sth)	demote	from	to
demotivate sb	demotivate
demystify sth	demystify
denationalize sth	denationalize
denial (of sth/that…)	denial	of	that
denigrate sb/sth	denigrate
denominate sb (as) sth	denominate	as
denominate sth (in sth)	denominate	in
denote sth	denote
denote that…	denote	that
denote what, when, etc…	denote	what	when
denounce sb (to sb)	denounce	to
denounce sb as sth	denounce	as
denounce sb/sth	denounce
denounce sb/sth as sth	denounce	as
dent sth	dent
denude sth (of sth)	denude	of
denunciation (of sb/sth)	denunciation	of
deny (that)…	deny	that
deny doing sth	deny	doing
deny sb sth	deny
deny sth	deny
deny sth to sb	deny	to
deny yourself (sth)	deny	yourself
depart (for…) (from…)	depart	for	from
depart from sth	depart	from
depart sth	depart
departure (from sth)	departure	from
departure (from…)	departure	from
depend how, what, etc…	depend	how	what
depend on/upon sb/sth	depend	on	upon
depend on/upon sb/sth (for sth)	depend	on	upon	for
depend on/upon sth	depend	on	upon
depend sb/sth doing sth	depend	doing
depend sb/sth to do sth	depend	to	do
dependence (on/upon sb/sth)	dependence	on	upon
dependence of A and B	dependence	of	A	and	B
dependency (on/upon sb/sth)	dependency	on	upon
dependent on/upon sb/sth	dependent	on	upon
dependent on/upon sb/sth for sth	dependent	on	upon	for
dependent on/upon sth	dependent	on	upon
depersonalize sth	depersonalize
depict sb/sth	depict
depict sb/sth (as sb/sth)	depict	as
depict sb/sth as sb/sth	depict	as
depict sb/sth doing sth	depict	doing
deplete sth	deplete
deplore sth	deplore
deploy sb/sth	deploy
deploy sth	deploy
depopulate sth	depopulate
deport sb	deport
depose sb	depose
deposit sb/sth + adv./prep.	deposit	adv	prep
deposit sth	deposit
deposit sth (in sth)	deposit	in
deposit sth (with sb/sth)	deposit	with
deprave sb	deprave
deprecate sth	deprecate
depreciate sth	depreciate
depress sb	depress
depress sth	depress
deprive sb/sth of sth	deprive	of
depute sb to do sth	depute	to	do
deputize (for sb)	deputize	for
deracinate sb	deracinate
derail sth	derail
deregulate sth	deregulate
deride sb/sth (as sth)	deride	as
derive from sth	derive	from
derive sth from sth	derive	from
derogate from sth	derogate	from
derogate sth	derogate
descale sth	descale
descend into sth	descend	into
descend on/upon sb/sth	descend	on	upon
descend sth	descend
descend to sth	descend	to
descent from sb	descent	from
describe (sb/sth) doing sth	describe	doing
describe how, what, etc…	describe	how	what
describe sb/sth (to/for sb)	describe	to	for
describe sb/sth as sth	describe	as
describe sth	describe
description (of sb/sth)	description	of
descry sb/sth	descry
desecrate sth	desecrate
desegregate sth	desegregate
deselect sb	deselect
deselect sth	deselect
desensitize sb/sth	desensitize
desensitize sb/sth (to sth)	desensitize	to
desert (sth)	desert
desert sb	desert
desert sth	desert
desert sth (for sth)	desert	for
deserve all/everything you get	deserve	all	everything	you	get
deserve doing sth	deserve	doing
deserve sth	deserve
deserve to do sth	deserve	to	do
deserving (of sth)	deserving	of
design (for sth)	design	for
design sb sth	design
design sth	design
design sth (as sth)	design	as
design sth (for sth)	design	for
design sth for sb/sth	design	for
design sth to do sth	design	to	do
designate sb (as) sth	designate	as
designate sb to do sth	designate	to	do
designate sb/sth	designate
designate sb/sth (as being/having sth)	designate	as	being	having
designate sb/sth (as) sth	designate	as
designate sth (by sth)	designate	by
designation (as sth)	designation	as
desirable (for sb) (to do sth)	desirable	for	to	do
desire (for sb)	desire	for
desire (sb/sth) to do sth	desire	to	do
desire for sth	desire	for
desire sb	desire
desire sth	desire
desire to do sth	desire	to	do
desirous (of sth / of doing sth)	desirous	of			of	doing
desirous (to do sth)	desirous	to	do
desist (from sth/from doing sth)	desist	from	from	doing
deskill sth	deskill
desolate sb	desolate
despair of doing sth	despair	of	doing
despair of sth/sb	despair	of
desperate (for sth)	desperate	for
desperate (to do sth)	desperate	to	do
despise sb/sth	despise
despoil sth (of sth)	despoil	of
despondent (about sth)	despondent	about
despondent (over sth)	despondent	over
destabilize sth	destabilize
destined for sth	destined	for
destined for…	destined	for
destined to do sth	destined	to	do
destitute of sth	destitute	of
destock (sth)	destock
destroy sth	destroy
destroy sth/sb	destroy
detach (from sth)	detach	from
detach sb/sth	detach
detach sth	detach
detach sth from sth	detach	from
detach yourself (from sb/sth)	detach	yourself	from
detail sb (to do sth)	detail	to	do
detail sth	detail
detain sb	detain
detect sth	detect
deter (sb) (from sth/from doing sth)	deter	from	from	doing
deteriorate into sth	deteriorate	into
determination to do sth	determination	to	do
determine (that)…	determine	that
determine on sth	determine	on
determine sth	determine
determine to do sth	determine	to	do
determine what, whether, etc…	determine	what	whether
determined (to do sth)	determined	to	do
deterrent (to sb/sth)	deterrent	to
detest doing sth	detest	doing
detest sb/sth	detest
dethrone sb	dethrone
detonate (sth)	detonate
detour (sb/sth) (to…)	detour	to
detoxify sb	detoxify
detoxify sth	detoxify
detract from sth	detract	from
detract sth from sth	detract	from
detrain (sb)	detrain
detrimental (to sb/sth)	detrimental	to
devalue (sth) (against sth)	devalue	against
devalue sth	devalue
devastate sb	devastate
devastate sth	devastate
develop (from sth) (into sth)	develop	from	into
develop (sth)	develop
develop sth	develop
develop sth (from sth) (into sth)	develop	from	into
deviate (from sth)	deviate	from
deviation (from sth)	deviation	from
devise sth	devise
devoice sth	devoice
devoid of sth	devoid	of
devolve on/upon sb/sth	devolve	on	upon
devolve sth to/on/upon sb	devolve	to	on	upon
devote sth to sth	devote	to
devote yourself to sb/sth	devote	yourself	to
devoted (to sb/sth)	devoted	to
devotee (of sb/sth)	devotee	of
devotion (to sb/sth)	devotion	to
devour sb/th	devour	th
devour sth	devour
diagnose (sth)	diagnose
diagnose sb (as) sth	diagnose	as
diagnose sb + adj./noun	diagnose	adj	noun
diagnose sb with sth	diagnose	with
diagnose sth as sth	diagnose	as
diagnosis (of sth)	diagnosis	of
dial (sth)	dial
diatribe (against sb/sth)	diatribe	against
dibs on…	dibs	on
dice sth	dice
dichotomy (between A and B)	dichotomy	between	A	and	B
dicker (with sb) (over sth)	dicker	with	over
dictate (sth)	dictate
dictate (sth) (to sb)	dictate	to
dictate how, what, etc…/that…	dictate	how	what	that
dictate sth (to sb)	dictate	to
dictate that…	dictate	that
dictate to sb	dictate	to
dictate where, what, etc…	dictate	where	what
did you ever (…)!	did	you	ever	!
diddle sb (out of sth)	diddle	out	of
die a/the death	die	a	the	death
die for sth	die	for
die of/from sth	die	of	from
die sth	die
die/fall/drop like flies	die	fall	drop	like	flies
differ (as to sth)	differ	as	to
differ (with sb) (about/on/over sth)	differ	with	about	on	over
differ between A and B	differ	between	A	and	B
difference (between A and B)	difference	between	A	and	B
difference (in sth)	difference	in
difference (in sth) (between A and B)	difference	in	between	A	and	B
different (from/to/than sb/sth)	different	from	to	than
differential (between A and B)	differential	between	A	and	B
differentiate (between) A and B	differentiate	between	A	and	B
differentiate A (from B)	differentiate	A	from	B
differentiate between A and B	differentiate	between	A	and	B
differentiate sth (from sth)	differentiate	from
difficult (for sb) (to do sth)	difficult	for	to	do
diffident (about sth)	diffident	about
diffract sth	diffract
diffuse (sth)	diffuse
diffuse sth	diffuse
dig (at sb/sth)	dig	at
dig (deep) in/into your pocket(s), savings, etc.	dig	deep	in	into	your	pockets	savings	etc
dig (for sth)	dig	for
dig adv./prep.	dig	adv	prep
dig deep (into sth)	dig	deep	into
dig into sth	dig	into
dig sb in the ribs	dig	in	the	ribs
dig sb/sth↔out (of sth)	dig	sb↔out	of
dig sth	dig
dig sth into sth	dig	into
dig sth↔in	dig↔in
dig sth↔over	dig↔over
dig sth↔up	dig↔up
dig your heels/toes in	dig	your	heels	toes	in
digest (sth)	digest
digest sth	digest
digitalize sth	digitalize
digitize sth	digitize
dignify sb/sth	dignify
dignify sth	dignify
dilate sth	dilate
dilatory (in doing sth)	dilatory	in	doing
dilute sth	dilute
dilute sth (with sth)	dilute	with
dim (sth)	dim
diminish (sth)	diminish
diminish sb/sth	diminish
diminution (of/in sth)	diminution	of	in
dine on sth	dine	on
dine out on sth	dine	out	on
ding sb	ding
ding sth	ding
dink sth	dink
dip a toe in/into sth	dip	a	toe	in	into
dip a toe in/into the water	dip	a	toe	in	into	the	water
dip adv./prep.	dip	adv	prep
dip into sth	dip	into
dip sth	dip
dip sth (+ adv./prep.)	dip	adv	prep
dip sth (in)	dip	in
dip sth (into sth)	dip	into
direct sb (to…)	direct	to
direct sb to do sth	direct	to	do
direct sb/sth	direct
direct sth against sth/sb	direct	against
direct sth at sth/sb	direct	at
direct sth to…	direct	to
direct sth to/towards sth/sb	direct	to	towards
direct that…	direct	that
dirty great/big	dirty	great	big
dirty sth	dirty
dis sb	dis
disable sb	disable
disable sth	disable
disabuse sb (of sth)	disabuse	of
disadvantage (of sth)	disadvantage	of
disadvantage (to sth)	disadvantage	to
disadvantage sb/sth	disadvantage
disadvantageous (to/for sb)	disadvantageous	to	for
disaffiliate (sth) (from sth)	disaffiliate	from
disagree (with sb) (about/on/over sth)	disagree	with	about	on	over
disagree that…	disagree	that
disagree with sb	disagree	with
disagree with sth/with doing sth	disagree	with	with	doing
disagreement (about/on/over/as to sth)	disagreement	about	on	over	as	to
disagreement (among…)	disagreement	among
disagreement (between A and B)	disagreement	between	A	and	B
disagreement (with sb)	disagreement	with
disagreement between A and B	disagreement	between	A	and	B
disallow sth	disallow
disambiguate sth	disambiguate
disappear adv./prep.	disappear	adv	prep
disappear from sth	disappear	from
disappear, vanish, etc. into thin air	disappear	vanish	etc	into	thin	air
disappear/vanish off the face of the earth	disappear	vanish	off	the	face	of	the	earth
disappoint (sb)	disappoint
disappoint sth	disappoint
disappointed (at/by sth)	disappointed	at	by
disappointed (in/with sb/sth)	disappointed	in	with
disappointed (not) to be…	disappointed	not	to	be
disappointed (that…)	disappointed	that
disappointment to sb	disappointment	to
disapproval (of sb/sth)	disapproval	of
disapprove of sb/sth	disapprove	of
disapprove sth	disapprove
disarm sb	disarm
disarrange sth	disarrange
disassemble sth	disassemble
disavow sth	disavow
disband (sb/sth)	disband
disbar sb (from sth/from doing sth)	disbar	from	from	doing
disbelieve (sth)	disbelieve
disbelieve in sth	disbelieve	in
disburse sth	disburse
discard (sth)	discard
discard sb/sth	discard
discard sb/sth as sth	discard	as
discern how, whether, etc…	discern	how	whether
discern sth	discern
discern that…	discern	that
discharge (from sth)	discharge	from
discharge (into sth)	discharge	into
discharge (sth)	discharge
discharge sb	discharge
discharge sb (from sth)	discharge	from
discharge sth	discharge
discharge sth (into sth)	discharge	into
discipline sb	discipline
discipline sb (for sth)	discipline	for
discipline yourself to do sth	discipline	yourself	to	do
disclaim sth	disclaim
disclose sth	disclose
disclose sth (to sb)	disclose	to
disclose that…	disclose	that
disclose what, whether, etc…	disclose	what	whether
discolour sth	discolour
discomfit sb	discomfit
discomfort sb	discomfort
discompose sb	discompose
disconcert sb	disconcert
disconnect (from sth)	disconnect	from
disconnect sb	disconnect
disconnect sb (from sth)	disconnect	from
disconnect sb/sth	disconnect
disconnect sth (from sth)	disconnect	from
discontent (at/over/with sth)	discontent	at	over	with
discontented (with sth)	discontented	with
discontinue (doing) sth	discontinue	doing
discontinue sth	discontinue
discount (on/off sth)	discount	on	off
discount sth	discount
discount sth as sth	discount	as
discourage (doing) sth	discourage	doing
discourage sb	discourage
discourage sb from doing sth	discourage	from	doing
discourse on/upon sth	discourse	on	upon
discover (that)…	discover	that
discover sb	discover
discover sb/sth	discover
discover sb/sth + adj.	discover	adj
discover sb/sth doing sth	discover	doing
discover sth	discover
discover why, how, etc…	discover	why	how
discovery (of sth)	discovery	of
discovery (that…)	discovery	that
discredit sb/sth	discredit
discredit sth	discredit
discrepancy (between A and B)	discrepancy	between	A	and	B
discrepancy (in sth)	discrepancy	in
discriminate (against sb)	discriminate	against
discriminate (between A and B)	discriminate	between	A	and	B
discriminate (in favour of sb)	discriminate	in	favour	of
discriminate (on the grounds of sth)	discriminate	on	the	grounds	of
discriminate A from B	discriminate	A	from	B
discriminate sth	discriminate
discrimination against sb	discrimination	against
discrimination in favour of sb	discrimination	in	favour	of
discrimination on the grounds of sth	discrimination	on	the	grounds	of
discuss (sb/sth) doing sth	discuss	doing
discuss sth	discuss
discuss sth with sb	discuss	with
discuss what, how, etc…	discuss	what	how
discuss when, what, etc…	discuss	when	what
discussion (of sth)	discussion	of
discussion (with sb) (about/on sb/sth)	discussion	with	about	on
disdain for sb/sth	disdain	for
disdain sb/sth	disdain
disdain to do sth	disdain	to	do
disdainful (of sb/sth)	disdainful	of
disembark (from sth)	disembark	from
disembowel sb/sth	disembowel
disenchanted (with sb/sth)	disenchanted	with
disenfranchise sb	disenfranchise
disengage (sth)	disengage
disengage (sth/sb) (from sth/sb)	disengage	from
disengage yourself (from sb/sth)	disengage	yourself	from
disentangle sth	disentangle
disentangle sth (from sth)	disentangle	from
disentangle sth/sb (from sth)	disentangle	from
disestablish sth	disestablish
disfigure sb/sth	disfigure
disgorge sb/sth	disgorge
disgorge sth	disgorge
disgrace sb/sth	disgrace
disgruntled at sb/sth	disgruntled	at
disguise sb	disguise
disguise sb as sb/sth	disguise	as
disguise sth	disguise
disguise yourself (as sb/sth)	disguise	yourself	as
disgust (at/with sth)	disgust	at	with
disgust (for sb)	disgust	for
disgust sb	disgust
disgusted (at/by sb/sth)	disgusted	at	by
disgusted (to see, hear, etc…)	disgusted	to	see	hear
disgusted (with sb/sth/yourself)	disgusted	with	yourself
dish sth↔out	dish↔out
dish sth↔up	dish↔up
dish the dirt (on sb)	dish	the	dirt	on
dish up sth	dish	up
dishearten sb	dishearten
dishonour sb/sth	dishonour
dishonour sth	dishonour
disillusion sb	disillusion
disillusioned (by/with sb/sth)	disillusioned	by	with
disillusionment (with sth)	disillusionment	with
disinclined (to do sth)	disinclined	to	do
disinfect sth	disinfect
disinherit sb	disinherit
disinhibit sb	disinhibit
disinter sth	disinter
disinter sth (from sth)	disinter	from
disinterest (in sth)	disinterest	in
disinvest (from sth)	disinvest	from
disjunction (between A and B)	disjunction	between	A	and	B
dislike (of/for sb/sth)	dislike	of	for
dislike doing sth	dislike	doing
dislike sb/sth	dislike
dislike sb/sth doing sth	dislike	doing
dislocate sth	dislocate
dislodge sb (from sth)	dislodge	from
dislodge sth (from sth)	dislodge	from
disloyal (to sb/sth)	disloyal	to
dismantle sth	dismantle
dismay sb	dismay
dismayed (at/by sth)	dismayed	at	by
dismember sth	dismember
dismiss sb	dismiss
dismiss sb (from sth)	dismiss	from
dismiss sb/sth	dismiss
dismiss sb/sth as sth	dismiss	as
dismiss sb/sth from sth	dismiss	from
dismiss sth	dismiss
dismissive (of sb/sth)	dismissive	of
dismount (from sth)	dismount	from
disobey (sb/sth)	disobey
disorientate sb	disorientate
disown sb/sth	disown
disparage sb/sth	disparage
dispatch sb/sth	dispatch
dispatch sb/sth (to…)	dispatch	to
dispatch sth (to sb/sth)	dispatch	to
dispel sth	dispel
dispense sth	dispense
dispense sth (to sb)	dispense	to
dispense with sb/sth	dispense	with
disperse (sth)	disperse
disperse sb/sth	disperse
displace sb	displace
displace sb/sth	displace
displace sth	displace
display sth	display
display sth (to sb)	display	to
displease sb	displease
displeased (at sth)	displeased	at
displeased (with sb/sth)	displeased	with
displeasing (to sb/sth)	displeasing	to
displeasure (at/with sb/sth)	displeasure	at	with
dispose of sb/sth	dispose	of
dispose sb to do sth	dispose	to	do
dispose sb to/toward(s) sth	dispose	to	towards
dispose sth/sb + adv./prep.	dispose	adv	prep
disposed (to do sth)	disposed	to	do
disposed to/towards sb/sth	disposed	to	towards
disposition to do sth	disposition	to	do
disposition to/towards sth	disposition	to	towards
dispossess sb (of sth)	dispossess	of
disproportion (between A and B)	disproportion	between	A	and	B
disproportion (of A to B)	disproportion	of	A	to	B
disproportionate (to sth)	disproportionate	to
disprove sth	disprove
dispute (between A and B)	dispute	between	A	and	B
dispute (over/about sth)	dispute	over	about
dispute (sth)	dispute
dispute sth	dispute
dispute that…	dispute	that
dispute whether, how, etc…	dispute	whether	how
disqualify sb (for sth)	disqualify	for
disqualify sb (from doing sth)	disqualify	from	doing
disqualify sb (from sth)	disqualify	from
disquiet (about/over sth)	disquiet	about	over
disregard (for/of sb/sth)	disregard	for	of
disregard sth	disregard
disrespect (for/to sb/sth)	disrespect	for	to
disrespect sb/sth	disrespect
disrespectful (to sb/sth)	disrespectful	to
disrobe (sb)	disrobe
disrupt sth	disrupt
dissatisfaction (with/at sb/sth)	dissatisfaction	with	at
dissatisfied with sb/sth	dissatisfied	with
dissect sth	dissect
dissemble (sth)	dissemble
disseminate sth	disseminate
dissent (from sth)	dissent	from
dissertation (on sth)	dissertation	on
dissimilar (from/to sb/sth)	dissimilar	from	to
dissimulate (sth)	dissimulate
dissipate sth	dissipate
dissociate sb/sth (from sth)	dissociate	from
dissociate yourself/sb from sb/sth	dissociate	yourself	from
dissolution (of sth)	dissolution	of
dissolve (away)	dissolve	away
dissolve (in sth)	dissolve	in
dissolve sth	dissolve
dissolve sth (away)	dissolve	away
dissolve sth (in sth)	dissolve	in
dissuade sb (from sth/from doing sth)	dissuade	from	from	doing
distance yourself/sb/sth (from sb/sth)	distance	yourself	from
distant (from sth)	distant	from
distaste for sb/sth	distaste	for
distend (sth)	distend
distil sth	distil
distil sth (from sth)	distil	from
distil sth (from/into sth)	distil	from	into
distinct from sth	distinct	from
distinction (between A and B)	distinction	between	A	and	B
distinguish A (from B)	distinguish	A	from	B
distinguish A and B	distinguish	A	and	B
distinguish A from B	distinguish	A	from	B
distinguish between A and B	distinguish	between	A	and	B
distinguish sth	distinguish
distinguish yourself (as sth)	distinguish	yourself	as
distinguishable (from sb/sth)	distinguishable	from
distort sth	distort
distract sb/sth (from sth)	distract	from
distracted (by sb/sth)	distracted	by
distress sb	distress
distribute sth	distribute
distribute sth among sb/sth	distribute	among
distribute sth to sb/sth	distribute	to
distrust of sb/sth	distrust	of
distrust sb/sth	distrust
disturb sb	disturb
disturb sb/sth	disturb
disturb sth	disturb
disunite sb/sth	disunite
ditch (sth)	ditch
ditch sth/sb	ditch
dither over sth	dither	over
dive (from/off sth) (into sth)	dive	from	off	into
dive (in)	dive	in
dive adv./prep.	dive	adv	prep
dive for sth	dive	for
dive into sth	dive	into
dive-bomb sb/sth	divebomb
diverge (from sth)	diverge	from
diverge from sth	diverge	from
diversify (sth) (into sth)	diversify	into
diversify sth	diversify
divert sb	divert
divert sb/sth (from sth) (to sth)	divert	from	to
divert sth	divert
divest sb/sth of sth	divest	of
divest sb/yourself of sth	divest	yourself	of
divest yourself of sth	divest	yourself	of
divide (sth) by sth	divide	by
divide (sth) into sth	divide	into
divide (up) (into sth)	divide	up	into
divide A from B	divide	A	from	B
divide between A and B	divide	between	A	and	B
divide sb/sth	divide
divide sth (between A and B)	divide	between	A	and	B
divide sth (off)	divide	off
divide sth (up) (into sth)	divide	up	into
divide sth (up/out)	divide	up	out
divide sth (up/out) between/among sb	divide	up	out	between	among
divine (sth)	divine
divine sth	divine
divine what, whether, etc…	divine	what	whether
divisible (by sth)	divisible	by
division (between A and B)	division	between	A	and	B
division (in/within sth)	division	in	within
division (of sth) into sth	division	of	into
division of sth	division	of
division of sth between A and B	division	of	between	A	and	B
divorce (between A and B)	divorce	between	A	and	B
divorce (sb)	divorce
divorce sb/sth from sth	divorce	from
divorced from sth	divorced	from
divulge sth (to sb)	divulge	to
divulge what, whether, etc…	divulge	what	whether
divvy sth↔up	divvy↔up
do a good, bad, etc. job (on sth)	do	a	good	bad	etc	job	on
do a moonlight/midnight flit	do	a	moonlight	midnight	flit
do a roaring trade (in sth)	do	a	roaring	trade	in
do adv./prep.	do	adv	prep
do as sth	do	as
do as…	do	as
do away with sb/yourself	do	away	with	yourself
do away with sth	do	away	with
do battle (with sb) (over sth)	do	battle	with	over
do credit to sb/sth	do	credit	to
do doing sth	do	doing
do for sb/sth	do	for
do justice to sb/sth; do sb/sth justice	do	justice	to	sb;	do	justice
do nothing/not do anything by halves	do	nothing	not	do	anything	by	halves
do right by sb	do	right	by
do sb	do
do sb (+ adv./prep.)	do	adv	prep
do sb (for sth)	do	for
do sb a disservice	do	a	disservice
do sb a power of good	do	a	power	of	good
do sb a/no service	do	a	no	service
do sb an honour	do	an	honour
do sb credit	do	credit
do sb good	do	good
do sb no favours	do	no	favours
do sb out of sth	do	out	of
do sb over	do	over
do sb proud	do	proud
do sb sth	do
do sb the courtesy of doing sth	do	the	courtesy	of	doing
do sb the honour (of doing sth)	do	the	honour	of	doing
do sb's head in	do	sbs	head	in
do sb/sth	do
do sb/sth down	do	down
do sb/sth the world of good	do	the	world	of	good
do sb/yourself in	do	yourself	in
do sth	do
do sth (back) with interest	do	back	with	interest
do sth as if/like there's no tomorrow	do	as	if	like	theres	no	tomorrow
do sth at your (own) peril	do	at	your	own	peril
do sth at your own risk	do	at	your	own	risk
do sth for a laugh/for laughs	do	for	a	laugh	for	laughs
do sth for sb	do	for
do sth on the off chance	do	on	the	off	chance
do sth standing on your head	do	standing	on	your	head
do sth till you are blue in the face	do	till	you	are	blue	in	the	face
do sth to death	do	to	death
do sth with sb/sth	do	with
do sth↔in	do↔in
do sth↔over	do↔over
do sth↔up	do↔up
do the dirty on sb	do	the	dirty	on
do things to sb	do	things	to
do well by sb	do	well	by
do well out of sb/sth	do	well	out	of
do well to do sth	do	well	to	do
do without (sb/sth)	do	without
do wonders (for sb/sth)	do	wonders	for
do yourself/sb an injustice	do	yourself	an	injustice
do yourself/sb proud	do	yourself	proud
do, mean, etc. sth for the best	do	mean	etc	for	the	best
do, perform, stage a disappearing/vanishing act	do	perform	stage	a	disappearing	vanishing	act
do/go the rounds (of sth)	do	go	the	rounds	of
do/try your damnedest (to do sth)	do	try	your	damnedest	to	do
do/try your level best (to do sth)	do	try	your	level	best	to	do
dob sb in (to sb) for sth/for doing sth	dob	in	to	for	for	doing
dobermann (pinscher)	dobermann	pinscher
dock (sth)	dock
dock sth	dock
dock sth from/off sth	dock	from	off
doctor sth	doctor
document sth	document
dodge adv./prep.	dodge	adv	prep
dodge doing sth	dodge	doing
dodge sth	dodge
doff sth	doff
dog sb/sth	dog
dole sth↔out (to sb)	dole↔out	to
doll sb/yourself up	doll	yourself	up
dollarize (sth)	dollarize
domesticate sb	domesticate
domesticate sth	domesticate
dominate (sb/sth)	dominate
dominate (sth)	dominate
dominate sth	dominate
dominion (over sb/sth)	dominion	over
don sth	don
don't (you) start	dont	you	start
don't count your chickens (before they are hatched)	dont	count	your	chickens	before	they	are	hatched
don't go doing sth	dont	go	doing
donate sth (to sb/sth)	donate	to
donation (of…)	donation	of
donation (to sb/sth)	donation	to
doom sb/sth (to sth)	doom	to
doom sb/sth to do sth	doom	to	do
doorstep (sb)	doorstep
dop (sth)	dop
dop sth	dop
dope sb (up)	dope	up
dope sb/sth	dope
dose sb/yourself (up) (with sth)	dose	yourself	up	with
doss (about/around)	doss	about	around
doss (down)	doss	down
dossier on sb/sth	dossier	on
dot A on/over B	dot	A	on	over	B
dot sth	dot
dote on/upon sb	dote	on	upon
dotty about sb/sth	dotty	about
double as sth	double	as
double sb up/over	double	up	over
double sth	double
double sth (over)	double	over
double up (on sth/with sb)	double	up	on	with
double up as sth	double	up	as
double up/over	double	up	over
double-book sth	doublebook
double-check (sth)	doublecheck
double-check (that)…	doublecheck	that
double-click (on) sth	doubleclick	on
double-cross sb	doublecross
double-glaze sth	doubleglaze
double-park (sth)	doublepark
doubt (about sth)	doubt	about
doubt (as to sth)	doubt	as	to
doubt (that…)	doubt	that
doubt (that)…	doubt	that
doubt sb/sth	doubt
doubt sth	doubt
doubt whether, if, etc…	doubt	whether	if
doubtful (about doing sth)	doubtful	about	doing
doubtful (about sth)	doubtful	about
doubtful (for sth)	doubtful	for
doubtful (if…)	doubtful	if
doubtful (that…)	doubtful	that
doubtful (whether…)	doubtful	whether
douche (sth)	douche
douse sb/sth (in/with sth)	douse	in	with
douse sth (with sth)	douse	with
dovetail (sth) (with/into sth)	dovetail	with	into
down sb/sth	down
down sth	down
down through sth	down	through
down to the last, smallest, final, etc. sth	down	to	the	last	smallest	final	etc
down with sb/sth	down	with
downgrade sb/sth (from sth) (to sth)	downgrade	from	to
downgrade sth/sb	downgrade
downlink sth	downlink
download sth	download
downlow on (sb/sth)	downlow	on
downplay sth	downplay
downsize (sth)	downsize
downstream (of/from sth)	downstream	of	from
downswing (in sth)	downswing	in
downturn (in sth)	downturn	in
downwind of sth	downwind	of
dozen of sth	dozen	of
draft sb	draft
draft sb + adv./prep.	draft	adv	prep
draft sth	draft
drag adv./prep.	drag	adv	prep
drag adv.prep.	drag	advprep
drag sb/sth↔down (to sth)	drag	sb↔down	to
drag sb/yourself + adv./prep.	drag	yourself	adv	prep
drag sb↔down	drag	sb↔down
drag sth	drag
drag sth (for sb/sth)	drag	for
drag sth + adv./prep.	drag	adv	prep
drag sth out of sb	drag	out	of
drag sth/sb into sth	drag	into
drag sth/sb↔in	drag	sb↔in
drag sth↔out	drag↔out
drag sth↔up	drag↔up
drag your feet/heels	drag	your	feet	heels
drag yourself + adv./prep.	drag	yourself	adv	prep
dragoon sb into sth/into doing sth	dragoon	into	into	doing
drain (sth)	drain
drain away/off	drain	away	off
drain from/out of sth	drain	from	out	of
drain into sth	drain	into
drain of sth	drain	of
drain sb/sth	drain
drain sb/sth of sth	drain	of
drain sth	drain
drain sth (from/out of sth)	drain	from	out	of
drain sth away/off	drain	away	off
dramatize (sth)	dramatize
dramatize sth	dramatize
drape sb/sth in/with sth	drape	in	with
drape sth around/over/across, etc. sth	drape	around	over	across	etc
drape sth around/round/over, etc. sth	drape	around	round	over	etc
draw (for sth)	draw	for
draw (sth) (on sb)	draw	on
draw a line under sth	draw	a	line	under
draw adv./prep.	draw	adv	prep
draw at/on sth	draw	at	on
draw back (from sth/from doing sth)	draw	back	from	from	doing
draw down on sth	draw	down	on
draw on/upon sth	draw	on	upon
draw sb	draw
draw sb (about/on sth)	draw	about	on
draw sb into sth/into doing sth	draw	into	into	doing
draw sb to sth	draw	to
draw sb's fire	draw	sbs	fire
draw sb/sth to do sth	draw	to	do
draw sb↔in	draw	sb↔in
draw sb↔out	draw	sb↔out
draw sth	draw
draw sth (+adv./prep.)	draw	#NAME?	prep
draw sth (from sth)	draw	from
draw sth from sb	draw	from
draw sth from sb/sth	draw	from
draw sth in	draw	in
draw sth on sth	draw	on
draw sth out (of sth)	draw	out	of
draw sth/sb + adv./prep.	draw	adv	prep
draw sth↔down	draw↔down
draw sth↔down (from sth)	draw↔down	from
draw sth↔off	draw↔off
draw sth↔out	draw↔out
draw sth↔up	draw↔up
draw straws (for sth)	draw	straws	for
draw the line (at sth/at doing sth)	draw	the	line	at	at	doing
draw the line (between sth and sth)	draw	the	line	between	and
draw with/against sb	draw	with	against
draw yourself up/rise to your full height	draw	yourself	up	rise	to	your	full	height
draw/cast lots (for sth/to do sth)	draw	cast	lots	for	to	do
draw/get a bead on sb/sth	draw	get	a	bead	on
draw/pull your horns in	draw	pull	your	horns	in
drawback (of/to doing sth)	drawback	of	to	doing
drawback (of/to sth)	drawback	of	to
drawdown (on sth)	drawdown	on
drawl (sth)	drawl
dread doing sth	dread	doing
dread sb doing sth	dread	doing
dread sth	dread
dread that…	dread	that
dread to do sth	dread	to	do
dream (that)…	dream	that
dream of/about doing sth	dream	of	about	doing
dream of/about sb/sth	dream	of	about
dream of/about sth	dream	of	about
dream sth	dream
dream sth away	dream	away
dream sth↔up	dream↔up
dredge (sth) (for sth)	dredge	for
dredge sth (up) (from sth)	dredge	up	from
dredge sth in/with sth	dredge	in	with
dredge sth↔up	dredge↔up
drench sb/sth	drench
drench sb/sth in/with sth	drench	in	with
dress (in sth)	dress	in
dress for/in/as sth	dress	for	in	as
dress sb	dress
dress sb (for/in/as sth)	dress	for	in	as
dress sb (in sth)	dress	in
dress sb down	dress	down
dress sb up	dress	up
dress sth	dress
dress sth up	dress	up
dressed (up) to the nines	dressed	up	to	the	nines
dressed in…	dressed	in
dribble (sth)	dribble
dribble (sth) (+ adv./prep.)	dribble	adv	prep
dribble adv./prep.	dribble	adv	prep
dribble sth (into/over/onto sth)	dribble	into	over	onto
drift adv./prep.	drift	adv	prep
drift in/into sth	drift	in	into
drift off (to sleep)	drift	off	to	sleep
drill (for sth)	drill	for
drill (through sth)	drill	through
drill sb	drill
drill sb in sth	drill	in
drill sb to do sth	drill	to	do
drill sth	drill
drill sth into sb	drill	into
drink (sth)	drink
drink (sth)↔up	drink↔up
drink sb under the table	drink	under	the	table
drink sb's health	drink	sbs	health
drink sth	drink
drink sth↔in	drink↔in
drink to sb/sth	drink	to
drink yourself + adj.	drink	yourself	adj
drink, laugh, shout, etc. yourself silly	drink	laugh	shout	etc	yourself	silly
drip adv./prep.	drip	adv	prep
drip sth	drip
drip sth (+adv./prep.)	drip	#NAME?	prep
drip with sth	drip	with
drip-feed sb/sth	dripfeed
dripping (with sth)	dripping	with
drive (sth) (+ adv./prep.)	drive	adv	prep
drive a coach and horses through sth	drive	a	coach	and	horses	through
drive adv./prep.	drive	adv	prep
drive for sth	drive	for
drive sb (+ adv./prep.)	drive	adv	prep
drive sb + adj.	drive	adj
drive sb away	drive	away
drive sb to do sth	drive	to	do
drive sb to sth	drive	to
drive sb/sth + adv./prep.	drive	adv	prep
drive sb/sth away	drive	away
drive sb/sth↔off	drive	sb↔off
drive sb/sth↔out (of sth)	drive	sb↔out	of
drive sth	drive
drive sth (+ adv./prep.)	drive	adv	prep
drive sth + adv./prep.	drive	adv	prep
drive sth home (to sb)	drive	home	to
drive sth↔up/down	drive↔up	down
drive to do sth	drive	to	do
drive/strike a hard bargain	drive	strike	a	hard	bargain
drivel (on) (about sth)	drivel	on	about
drizzle sth (over sth)	drizzle	over
drone on (about sth)	drone	on	about
drool (over sb/sth)	drool	over
drop (away) (from sth)	drop	away	from
drop (in sth)	drop	in
drop a brick/clanger	drop	a	brick	clanger
drop adv./prep.	drop	adv	prep
drop back/behind	drop	back	behind
drop behind sb	drop	behind
drop by/in/round	drop	by	in	round
drop in on sb	drop	in	on
drop into sth	drop	into
drop out (of sth)	drop	out	of
drop sb	drop
drop sb in it	drop	in	it
drop sb/sth	drop
drop sb/sth (from sth)	drop	from
drop sb/sth off	drop	off
drop sth	drop
drop sth (+ adv./prep.)	drop	adv	prep
drop-kick sth	dropkick
drop/dump sth in sb's lap	drop	dump	in	sbs	lap
drown sb/sth (out)	drown	out
drown sb/sth/yourself	drown	yourself
drown sth (in sth)	drown	in
drown your fears/loneliness/sorrows, etc.	drown	your	fears	loneliness	sorrows	etc
drug sb/sth	drug
drug sth	drug
drum (sth) on sth	drum	on
drum sb out (of sth)	drum	out	of
drum sth into sb	drum	into
drum sth into sb's head	drum	into	sbs	head
drum sth↔up	drum↔up
drunk with sth	drunk	with
dry sb/sth↔off	dry	sb↔off
dry sb↔out	dry	sb↔out
dry sth	dry
dry sth↔out	dry↔out
dry sth↔up	dry↔up
dry-clean sth	dryclean
dub sb + noun	dub	noun
dub sth	dub
dub sth (into sth)	dub	into
dubious (about sth)/(about doing sth)	dubious	about	about	doing
duck (down) (behind/under sth)	duck	down	behind	under
duck adv./prep.	duck	adv	prep
duck out of sth	duck	out	of
duck sb	duck
duck sth	duck
due (to sb)	due	to
due for sth	due	for
due sth	due
due to do sth	due	to	do
due to sth/sb	due	to
duff sb↔up	duff	sb↔up
dull (sth)	dull
dull sb	dull
dull sth	dull
dumb sth↔down	dumb↔down
dumbfound sb	dumbfound
dummy adv./prep.	dummy	adv	prep
dummy sth	dummy
dump on sb	dump	on
dump sb	dump
dump sb/sth (on sb)	dump	on
dump sth	dump
dunk (sth)	dunk
dunk sb/sth	dunk
dunk sth (in/into sth)	dunk	in	into
dunt sth (+ adv./prep.)	dunt	adv	prep
dupe sb	dupe
dupe sb into doing sth	dupe	into	doing
duplicate sth	duplicate
dust sb/sth↔down	dust	sb↔down
dust sb/sth↔off	dust	sb↔off
dust sth	dust
dust sth (+ adv./prep.)	dust	adv	prep
dust sth (with sth)	dust	with
duty on sth	duty	on
dwarf sth	dwarf
dwell adv./prep.	dwell	adv	prep
dwell on/upon sth	dwell	on	upon
dwindle (away) (to sth)	dwindle	away	to
dwindle (from sth) (to sth)	dwindle	from	to
dye sth	dye
dye sth + adj.	dye	adj
dynamite sth	dynamite
eager for sth	eager	for
eager to do sth	eager	to	do
earmark sb/sth (as sb/sth)	earmark	as
earmark sb/sth (for sb/sth)	earmark	for
earn (sth)	earn
earn a/your crust	earn	a	your	crust
earn sb sth	earn
earn sth	earn
earth sth	earth
ease (sth)	ease
ease adv./prep.	ease	adv	prep
ease into sth	ease	into
ease off sth	ease	off
ease sb/sth + adv./prep.	ease	adv	prep
ease sb↔out (of sth)	ease	sb↔out	of
ease sth	ease
ease yourself/sb into sth	ease	yourself	into
easy on the ear/eye	easy	on	the	ear	eye
eat away at sth/sb	eat	away	at
eat into sth	eat	into
eat out of your/sb's hand	eat	out	of	your	sbs	hand
eat sb alive	eat	alive
eat sb out of house and home	eat	out	of	house	and	home
eat sb up	eat	up
eat sth	eat
eat sth↔away	eat↔away
eat sth↔up	eat↔up
eat your heart out (for sb/sth)	eat	your	heart	out	for
eavesdrop (on sb/sth)	eavesdrop	on
eBay sth	eBay
ebb (away)	ebb	away
echo sth	echo
echo sth (back)	echo	back
echo to/with sth	echo	to	with
eclipse sb/sth	eclipse
eclipse sth	eclipse
economize (on sth)	economize	on
edge adv./prep.	edge	adv	prep
edge on/over sb/sth	edge	on	over
edge sb/sth↔out (of sth)	edge	sb↔out	of
edge sth (with/in sth)	edge	with	in
edge sth + adv./prep.	edge	adv	prep
edify sb	edify
edit (sth)	edit
edit sth	edit
edit sth↔out (of sth)	edit↔out	of
educate sb	educate
educate sb (in/on sth)	educate	in	on
educate sb to do sth	educate	to	do
efface sth	efface
effect (on sb/sth)	effect	on
effect sth	effect
effectuate sth	effectuate
effort (to do sth)	effort	to	do
egg sb↔on	egg	sb↔on
ejaculate (sth)	ejaculate
eject (sth)	eject
eject sb (from sth)	eject	from
eject sth (from sth)	eject	from
eke sth↔out	eke↔out
elaborate (on/upon sth)	elaborate	on	upon
elaborate sth	elaborate
elated (at/by sth)	elated	at	by
elbow sb/sth (+adv./prep.)	elbow	#NAME?	prep
elect sb (as) sth	elect	as
elect sb + noun	elect	noun
elect sb to sth	elect	to
elect sb/sth	elect
elect to do sth	elect	to	do
election (as sth)	election	as
election (to sth)	election	to
electrify sb	electrify
electrify sth	electrify
electrocute sb	electrocute
electroplate sth	electroplate
element (in/of sth)	element	in	of
elevate sb/sth (to sth)	elevate	to
elevate sth	elevate
elevate sth (into sth)	elevate	into
elicit sth (from sb)	elicit	from
elide sth	elide
eligible (for sth)	eligible	for
eligible (to do sth)	eligible	to	do
eliminate sb	eliminate
eliminate sb (from sth)	eliminate	from
eliminate sth/sb	eliminate
eliminate sth/sb from sth	eliminate	from
elongate (sth)	elongate
elope (with sb)	elope	with
elucidate (sth)	elucidate
elucidate what, how, etc…	elucidate	what	how
elude sb	elude
elude sb/sth	elude
email (sb)	email
email sb sth	email
email sth (to sb)	email	to
emanate from sth	emanate	from
emanate sth	emanate
emancipate sb (from sth)	emancipate	from
emasculate sb	emasculate
emasculate sb/sth	emasculate
embalm sth	embalm
embargo (on sth)	embargo	on
embargo sth	embargo
embark on/upon sth	embark	on	upon
embark sb/sth	embark
embarrass sb	embarrass
embarrassed about sth	embarrassed	about
embarrassed at sth	embarrassed	at
embarrassed to do sth	embarrassed	to	do
embarrassment (to sb)	embarrassment	to
embarrassment (to/for sb)	embarrassment	to	for
embed sb	embed
embed sth	embed
embed sth (in sth)	embed	in
embellish sth	embellish
embezzle (sth)	embezzle
embitter sb	embitter
emblazon A with B	emblazon	A	with	B
emblazon B on, across, etc. A	emblazon	B	on	across	etc	A
emblem (of sth)	emblem	of
emblematic (of sth)	emblematic	of
embodiment of sth	embodiment	of
embody sth	embody
embolden sb	embolden
embolden sb to do sth	embolden	to	do
embolden sth	embolden
emboss A with B	emboss	A	with	B
embrace sb	embrace
embrace sth	embrace
embroider (sth)	embroider
embroider A on B	embroider	A	on	B
embroider sth	embroider
embroil sb/yourself (in sth)	embroil	yourself	in
emcee (sth)	emcee
emend sth	emend
emerge (from sth)	emerge	from
emerge (into sth)	emerge	into
emerge as sth	emerge	as
emigrate (from…) (to…)	emigrate	from	to
emit sth	emit
empathize (with sb/sth)	empathize	with
empathy (between A and B)	empathy	between	A	and	B
empathy (for sb/sth)	empathy	for
empathy (with sb/sth)	empathy	with
emphasis (on/upon sth)	emphasis	on	upon
emphasize how, what, etc…	emphasize	how	what
emphasize sth	emphasize
emphasize that…	emphasize	that
employ sb	employ
employ sb as sth	employ	as
employ sb to do sth	employ	to	do
employ sth	employ
employment (of sth)	employment	of
empower sb (to do sth)	empower	to	do
empty into/onto sth	empty	into	onto
empty of sth	empty	of
empty out into/onto sth	empty	out	into	onto
empty sth	empty
empty sth (out)	empty	out
empty sth of sth	empty	of
empty sth out	empty	out
empty sth out of sth	empty	out	of
emulate sb/sth	emulate
emulate sth	emulate
emulsify (sth)	emulsify
en route (for…)	en	route	for
en route (from…) (to…)	en	route	from	to
enable sb to do sth	enable	to	do
enable sth	enable
enable sth to do sth	enable	to	do
enact sth	enact
enamoured of sth	enamoured	of
enamoured of/with sb	enamoured	of	with
enamoured with sth	enamoured	with
encapsulate sth (in sth)	encapsulate	in
encase sth (in sth)	encase	in
encash sth	encash
enchant sb	enchant
enchant sb/sth	enchant
encircle sb/sth	encircle
enclose sth	enclose
enclose sth (in/with sth)	enclose	in	with
enclose sth (with sth)	enclose	with
encode sth	encode
encompass sth	encompass
encounter (between A and B)	encounter	between	A	and	B
encounter (with sb/sth)	encounter	with
encounter sb/sth	encounter
encounter sth	encounter
encourage doing sth	encourage	doing
encourage sb	encourage
encourage sb in sth	encourage	in
encourage sb to do sth	encourage	to	do
encourage sth (in sb/sth)	encourage	in
encouragement (to sb) (to do sth)	encouragement	to	to	do
encroach (on/upon sth)	encroach	on	upon
encroachment (on/upon sth)	encroachment	on	upon
encrusted (with/in sth)	encrusted	with	in
encrypt sth	encrypt
encumber sb/sth (with sth)	encumber	with
end adv./prep.	end	adv	prep
end doing sth	end	doing
end in sth	end	in
end sth	end
end sth with sth	end	with
end with sth	end	with
end your days/life (in sth)	end	your	days	life	in
endanger sb/sth	endanger
endear sb/yourself to sb	endear	yourself	to
endeavour to do sth	endeavour	to	do
endemic (among…)	endemic	among
endemic (in…)	endemic	in
endemic (to…)	endemic	to
endorse sth	endorse
endow sb/sth with sth	endow	with
endow sth	endow
endure doing sth	endure	doing
endure sth	endure
endure to do sth	endure	to	do
enemy (of sth)	enemy	of
energize sb	energize
energize sth	energize
enervate sb	enervate
enfeeble sb/sth	enfeeble
enfold sb/sth (in sth)	enfold	in
enforce sth (on sb)	enforce	on
enforce sth (on/against sb/sth)	enforce	on	against
enfranchise sb	enfranchise
engage (sb)	engage
engage (with sth/sb)	engage	with
engage in sth	engage	in
engage sb (as sth)	engage	as
engage sb in sth	engage	in
engage sb to do sth	engage	to	do
engage sth	engage
engage with sth	engage	with
engaged (in sth)	engaged	in
engaged (on sth)	engaged	on
engaged to sb	engaged	to
engagement (to sb)	engagement	to
engagement (with sb/sth)	engagement	with
engender sth	engender
engineer sth	engineer
engorge sth	engorge
engrave A (with B)	engrave	A	with	B
engross sb	engross
engrossed (in/with sth)	engrossed	in	with
engulf sb/sth	engulf
enhance sth	enhance
enjoin sb from doing sth	enjoin	from	doing
enjoin sb to do sth	enjoin	to	do
enjoin sth	enjoin
enjoy doing sth	enjoy	doing
enjoy sth	enjoy
enjoyment of sth	enjoyment	of
enlarge (sth)	enlarge
enlarge on/upon sth	enlarge	on	upon
enlarge sth	enlarge
enlargement (of sth)	enlargement	of
enlighten sb	enlighten
enlist as sth	enlist	as
enlist sb (as sth)	enlist	as
enlist sb (in/into/for/as sth)	enlist	in	into	for	as
enlist sb to do sth	enlist	to	do
enlist sth/sb (in sth)	enlist	in
enliven sth	enliven
enmesh sb/sth (in sth)	enmesh	in
enmity between A and B	enmity	between	A	and	B
ennoble sb	ennoble
ennoble sb/sth	ennoble
enough/something to be going on with	enough	something	to	be	going	on	with
enquire (about sb/sth)	enquire	about
enquire (as to sb/sth)	enquire	as	to
enquire after sb	enquire	after
enquire into sth	enquire	into
enquire sth	enquire
enquire sth of sb	enquire	of
enquire why, where, etc…	enquire	why	where
enquiry (from sb) (about sb/sth)	enquiry	from	about
enquiry into sth	enquiry	into
enrage sb	enrage
enrapture sb	enrapture
enrich sb/sth	enrich
enrich sth	enrich
enrich sth with sth	enrich	with
enrol sb	enrol
ensconce yourself (+adv./prep.)	ensconce	yourself	#NAME?	prep
enshrine sth (in sth)	enshrine	in
enshroud sth	enshroud
enslave sb	enslave
enslave sb/sth (to sth)	enslave	to
ensnare sb/sth	ensnare
ensure (that)…	ensure	that
ensure sb sth	ensure
ensure sth	ensure
entail (sb) doing sth	entail	doing
entail sth	entail
entangle sb in sth	entangle	in
entangle sb with sb	entangle	with
entangle sb/sth (in/with sth)	entangle	in	with
enter (for sth)	enter	for
enter into sth	enter	into
enter into sth (with sb)	enter	into	with
enter on/upon sth	enter	on	upon
enter sb's/your name (for sth)	enter	sbs	your	name	for
enter sb/sth for sth	enter	for
enter sb/sth in sth	enter	in
enter sth	enter
enter sth (in sth)	enter	in
enter sth (into sth)	enter	into
enter sth (on sth)	enter	on
entertain (sb) (with sth)	entertain	with
entertain sb	entertain
entertain sth	entertain
enthral (sb)	enthral
enthrone sb	enthrone
enthuse (about/over sth/sb)	enthuse	about	over
enthuse sb (with sth)	enthuse	with
enthuse that…	enthuse	that
enthusiasm (for doing sth)	enthusiasm	for	doing
enthusiasm (for sth)	enthusiasm	for
enthusiast (for/of sth)	enthusiast	for	of
enthusiastic about doing sth	enthusiastic	about	doing
enthusiastic about sb/sth	enthusiastic	about
entice sb into doing sth	entice	into	doing
entice sb to do sth	entice	to	do
entice sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	entice	adv	prep
entitle sb to do sth	entitle	to	do
entitle sb to sth	entitle	to
entitle sth + noun	entitle	noun
entitlement (to sth)	entitlement	to
entomb sb/sth (in sth)	entomb	in
entrance (into sth)	entrance	into
entrance (to sth)	entrance	to
entrance sb	entrance
entrant (to sth)	entrant	to
entrap sb (into doing sth)	entrap	into	doing
entrap sb/sth	entrap
entreat (sb) + speech	entreat	speech
entreat sb	entreat
entreat sb to do sth	entreat	to	do
entrée (into/to sth)	entrée	into	to
entrench sth	entrench
entrust A (to B)	entrust	A	to	B
entry (in sth)	entry	in
entry (into sth)	entry	into
entry (to/into sth)	entry	to	into
entwine sth (with/in/around sth)	entwine	with	in	around
enumerate sth	enumerate
enunciate (sth)	enunciate
enunciate sth	enunciate
envelop sb/sth (in sth)	envelop	in
envious (of sb/sth)	envious	of
envisage (sb) doing sth	envisage	doing
envisage how, where, etc…	envisage	how	where
envisage sth	envisage
envisage that…	envisage	that
envision sth	envision
envy (at/of sth)	envy	at	of
envy (of sb)	envy	of
envy sb	envy
envy sb doing sth	envy	doing
envy sb sth	envy
envy sth	envy
epitaph (to sb/sth)	epitaph	to
epitomize sth	epitomize
equal sth	equal
equal to sb/sth	equal	to
equal to sth	equal	to
equalize sth	equalize
equate sth (with sth)	equate	with
equate to sth	equate	to
equidistant (from sth)	equidistant	from
equip sb (for sth)	equip	for
equip sb (to do sth)	equip	to	do
equip sth	equip
equip yourself/sb/sth (with sth) (for sth)	equip	yourself	with	for
equivalent of/to sth	equivalent	of	to
equivalent to sth	equivalent	to
eradicate sth	eradicate
eradicate sth from sth	eradicate	from
erase sth	erase
erase sth from sth	erase	from
erect sth	erect
erode (away)	erode	away
erode (sth)	erode
erode sth (away)	erode	away
err on the side of sth	err	on	the	side	of
error in doing sth	error	in	doing
error in sth	error	in
erupt from sth	erupt	from
erupt in/into sth	erupt	in	into
erupt into sth	erupt	into
erupt sth	erupt
escalate (into sth)	escalate	into
escalate sth (into sth)	escalate	into
escape (from sth)	escape	from
escape (into sth)	escape	into
escape (sth)	escape
escape (with sth)	escape	with
escape doing sth	escape	doing
escape from sb/sth	escape	from
escape sb/sth	escape
escape sth	escape
eschew sth	eschew
escort sb (+ adv./prep.)	escort	adv	prep
espousal of sth	espousal	of
espouse sth	espouse
espy sb/sth	espy
essay (in sth)	essay	in
essay (on sth)	essay	on
essay sth	essay
essence (of sth)	essence	of
essential for sth	essential	for
essential to sth	essential	to
establish sb/sth/yourself (in sth) (as sth)	establish	yourself	in	as
establish sth	establish
establish that…	establish	that
establish where, what, etc…	establish	where	what
esteem sb/sth	esteem
esteem sb/sth + noun	esteem	noun
estimate (that)…	estimate	that
estimate how many, large, etc…	estimate	how	many	large
estimate sth (at sth)	estimate	at
estimate sth to do sth	estimate	to	do
estranged (from sb)	estranged	from
estranged (from sth)	estranged	from
estrangement (between A and B)	estrangement	between	A	and	B
estrangement (from sb/sth)	estrangement	from
etch (A) (in/into/on B)	etch	A	in	into	on	B
etch A in/into/on B	etch	A	in	into	on	B
etch B (with A)	etch	B	with	A
etch sth (+ adv./prep.)	etch	adv	prep
eulogize sb/sth (as sth)	eulogize	as
eulogy (for/to sb)	eulogy	for	to
eulogy (of/to sb/sth)	eulogy	of	to
euphemism (for sth)	euphemism	for
Europeanize sb/sth	Europeanize
Europeanize sth	Europeanize
euthanize sb/sth	euthanize
evacuate (sth)	evacuate
evacuate sb (from…) (to…)	evacuate	from	to
evacuate sth	evacuate
evade (doing) sth	evade	doing
evade doing sth	evade	doing
evade sb	evade
evade sth	evade
evaluate how, whether, etc…	evaluate	how	whether
evaluate sth	evaluate
evangelize sb	evangelize
evaporate sth	evaporate
even if/though	even	if	though
even now/then	even	now	then
even sth↔out	even↔out
even sth↔up	even↔up
even/much/still less	even	much	still	less
ever since (…)	ever	since
ever so/ever such a	ever	so	ever	such	a
every bit as good, bad, etc. (as sb/sth)	every	bit	as	good	bad	etc	as
every dog has his/its day	every	dog	has	his	its	day
every last…	every	last
evict sb (from sth)	evict	from
evidence (for sth)	evidence	for
evidence (of sth)	evidence	of
evidence (that…)	evidence	that
evidence sth	evidence
evident (to sb) (that…)	evident	to	that
evident in/from sth	evident	in	from
evince sth	evince
eviscerate sth	eviscerate
evocative of sth	evocative	of
evoke sth	evoke
evolve (from sth)	evolve	from
evolve (from sth) (into sth)	evolve	from	into
evolve sth	evolve
evolve sth (from sth)	evolve	from
exacerbate sth	exacerbate
exact sth	exact
exact sth (from sb)	exact	from
exact sth from sb	exact	from
exaggerate sth	exaggerate
exalt sb (to sth)	exalt	to
exalt sb/sth	exalt
examine how, what, etc…	examine	how	what
examine sb	examine
examine sb (in/on sth)	examine	in	on
examine sb/sth	examine
examine sth	examine
examine sth/sb for sth	examine	for
example (of sth)	example	of
example (to sb)	example	to
exasperate sb	exasperate
excavate sth	excavate
excavate sth from sth	excavate	from
exceed sth	exceed
excel (at doing sth)	excel	at	doing
excel (in/at sth)	excel	in	at
excellence in sth	excellence	in
except (that)…	except	that
except sb/sth	except
except sb/sth from sth	except	from
excerpt (from sth)	excerpt	from
excerpt sth (from sth)	excerpt	from
excess of sth	excess	of
exchange A for B	exchange	A	for	B
exchange sth	exchange
exchange sth with sb	exchange	with
excise sth (from sth)	excise	from
excite sb	excite
excite sth	excite
excite sth in sb	excite	in
excited (about sth)	excited	about
excited (at sth)	excited	at
excited (by sth)	excited	by
excited (to do sth)	excited	to	do
exclaim that…	exclaim	that
exclude sb/sth (from sth)	exclude	from
exclude sth	exclude
exclude sth (from sth)	exclude	from
exclusion (of sb/sth) (from sth)	exclusion	of	from
exclusion (of sth)	exclusion	of
exclusive of sb/sth	exclusive	of
excommunicate sb (for sth)	excommunicate	for
excoriate sb/sth	excoriate
excoriate sth	excoriate
exculpate sb	exculpate
excursion into sth	excursion	into
excuse (for doing sth)	excuse	for	doing
excuse (for sth)	excuse	for
excuse (for sth/for doing sth)	excuse	for	for	doing
excuse (to do sth)	excuse	to	do
excuse sb	excuse
excuse sb (from sth/from doing sth)	excuse	from	from	doing
excuse sb doing sth	excuse	doing
excuse sb for sth/for doing sth	excuse	for	for	doing
excuse sb sth	excuse
excuse sb/yourself (for sth/for doing sth)	excuse	yourself	for	for	doing
excuse sb/yourself (from sth)	excuse	yourself	from
excuse sth	excuse
excuse/pardon my French	excuse	pardon	my	French
execute sb (for sth)	execute	for
execute sth	execute
exemplify sth	exemplify
exempt (from sth)	exempt	from
exempt sb/sth (from sth/from doing sth)	exempt	from	from	doing
exemption (from sth)	exemption	from
exercise in sth	exercise	in
exercise of sth	exercise	of
exercise sb/sth (about sth)	exercise	about
exercise sth	exercise
exert sth	exert
exfoliate (sth)	exfoliate
exhale sth	exhale
exhaust sb	exhaust
exhaust sth	exhaust
exhibit (at/in…)	exhibit	at	in
exhibit sth	exhibit
exhibit sth (at/in…)	exhibit	at	in
exhibition of sth	exhibition	of
exhilarate sb	exhilarate
exhort (sb) + speech	exhort	speech
exhort sb to do sth	exhort	to	do
exhort sb to sth	exhort	to
exhume sth	exhume
exile sb (from…)	exile	from
exist (on sth)	exist	on
exit (from sth)	exit	from
exit adv./prep.	exit	adv	prep
exit sth	exit
exodus (from…) (to…)	exodus	from	to
exonerate sb (from sth)	exonerate	from
exorcize sth (from sb/sth)	exorcize	from
exorcize sth (from sth)	exorcize	from
expand on/upon sth	expand	on	upon
expand sth	expand
expandable to sth	expandable	to
expanse (of sth)	expanse	of
expatiate on/upon sth	expatiate	on	upon
expect (that…)	expect	that
expect (that)…	expect	that
expect sb to do sth	expect	to	do
expect sb/sth	expect
expect sb/sth to do sth	expect	to	do
expect sth	expect
expect sth (from sb)	expect	from
expect sth (of sb)	expect	of
expect sth from sb/sth	expect	from
expect sth of sb/sth	expect	of
expect to do sth	expect	to	do
expectation (of sth)	expectation	of
expectation (that…)	expectation	that
expedite sth	expedite
expel sb (from sth)	expel	from
expel sth (from sth)	expel	from
expend sth (in/on sb)	expend	in	on
expend sth (in/on/doing sth)	expend	in	on	doing
expense, money, etc. is no object	expense	money	etc	is	no	object
experience (of sth)	experience	of
experience sth	experience
experienced in sth/in doing sth	experienced	in	in	doing
experiment (on sb/sth)	experiment	on
experiment (with sth)	experiment	with
experiment in sth	experiment	in
expert (at/in doing sth)	expert	at	in	doing
expert (at/in sth)	expert	at	in
expert (at/in/on doing sth)	expert	at	in	on	doing
expert (at/in/on sth)	expert	at	in	on
expertise in sth/in doing sth	expertise	in	in	doing
expiate sth	expiate
explain (sth) (to sb)	explain	to
explain sth (to sb)	explain	to
explain sth↔away	explain↔away
explain that…	explain	that
explain to sb who, how, etc…	explain	to	who	how
explain who, how, etc…	explain	who	how
explain why, how, etc…	explain	why	how
explanation (as to why…)	explanation	as	to	why
explanation (for doing sth)	explanation	for	doing
explanation (for sth)	explanation	for
explanation (of sth)	explanation	of
explicate sth	explicate
explode (into sth)	explode	into
explode (into/with sth)	explode	into	with
explode (with sth)	explode	with
explode sth	explode
exploit sb	exploit
exploit sth	exploit
exploit sth for sth	exploit	for
explore (for sth)	explore	for
explore sth	explore
explore sth (for sth)	explore	for
export (sth) (to sb)	export	to
export sth	export
export sth (+ adv./prep.)	export	adv	prep
expose sb to sth	expose	to
expose sb/sth (as sth)	expose	as
expose sb/sth/yourself (to sth)	expose	yourself	to
expose sth	expose
expose sth to sb	expose	to
exposure (to sth)	exposure	to
expound on sth	expound	on
expound sth (to sb)	expound	to
express how, what, etc…	express	how	what
express itself (+ adv./prep.)	express	itself	adv	prep
express sth	express
express sth (from sth)	express	from
express sth (to sb/sth)	express	to
express sth as sth	express	as
express sth in sth	express	in
express yourself + adj.	express	yourself	adj
express yourself + adv./prep.	express	yourself	adv	prep
expressive of sth	expressive	of
expropriate sth	expropriate
expulsion (from…)	expulsion	from
expunge sth (from sth)	expunge	from
expurgate sth	expurgate
extend adv./prep.	extend	adv	prep
extend sb sth	extend
extend sb/sth/yourself	extend	yourself
extend sth	extend
extend sth to sb	extend	to
extension (of sth)	extension	of
extension (to sth)	extension	to
exterminate sb/sth	exterminate
externalize sth	externalize
extinguish sth	extinguish
extirpate sth	extirpate
extol sb/sth	extol
extol sb/sth as sth	extol	as
extort sth (from sb)	extort	from
extract (from sth)	extract	from
extract sth (from sb/sth)	extract	from
extradite sb (to…) (from…)	extradite	to	from
extraneous to sth	extraneous	to
extrapolate (from/to sth)	extrapolate	from	to
extrapolate sth (from/to sth)	extrapolate	from	to
extricate sb/sth/yourself (from sth)	extricate	yourself	from
extrude (sth) (from sth)	extrude	from
extrude sth	extrude
exude (from sb)	exude	from
exude (from sth)	exude	from
exude (sth)	exude
exude sth	exude
exult (at/in sth)	exult	at	in
exultant (at sth)	exultant	at
eye sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	eye	adv	prep
eye sb↔up	eye	sb↔up
eyeball sb/sth	eyeball
eyeball to eyeball (with sb)	eyeball	to	eyeball	with
fabricate sth	fabricate
face adv./prep.	face	adv	prep
face doing sth	face	doing
face of sth	face	of
face sb	face
face sb/sth	face
face sb↔down	face	sb↔down
face sth	face
face sth with sth	face	with
face to face (with sb)	face	to	face	with
face to face with sth	face	to	face	with
face up to sth	face	up	to
face up/down	face	up	down
facet (of sth)	facet	of
facilitate sth	facilitate
facility (for sth)	facility	for
fact (that…)	fact	that
factor sth↔in	factor↔in
factor sth↔into sth	factor↔into
factorize sth	factorize
faculty of/for (doing) sth	faculty	of	for	doing
fade from sth	fade	from
fade in/out	fade	in	out
fade sth	fade
fade sth in/out	fade	in	out
fade to/into sth	fade	to	into
faff about/around	faff	about	around
fail (sth)	fail
fail in sth	fail	in
fail sb	fail
fail to do sth	fail	to	do
failure to do sth	failure	to	do
fair (to sb)	fair	to
fair on sb (to do sth)	fair	on	to	do
fair play to sb	fair	play	to
fair that…	fair	that
fair to do sth	fair	to	do
fair to sb (to do sth)	fair	to	to	do
faith (in sb/sth)	faith	in
faithful (to sb)	faithful	to
faithful to sb/sth	faithful	to
faithful to sth	faithful	to
fake (sth)	fake
fake sth	fake
fall (away/off)	fall	away	off
fall (in sth)	fall	in
fall (of sth)	fall	of
fall adv./prep.	fall	adv	prep
fall back on sb/sth	fall	back	on
fall behind (sb/sth)	fall	behind
fall behind with sth	fall	behind	with
fall doing sth	fall	doing
fall for sb	fall	for
fall for sth	fall	for
fall foul of sb/sth	fall	foul	of
fall in with sb/sth	fall	in	with
fall into sb's hands/the hands of sb	fall	into	sbs	hands	the	hands	of
fall into step (beside/with sb)	fall	into	step	beside	with
fall into sth	fall	into
fall of sth	fall	of
fall on sb/sth	fall	on
fall on/upon sb/sth	fall	on	upon
fall out (with sb)	fall	out	with
fall over sb/sth	fall	over
fall over yourself to do sth	fall	over	yourself	to	do
fall short of sth	fall	short	of
fall to sb	fall	to
fall to sb's lot (to do sth)	fall	to	sbs	lot	to	do
fall to sth	fall	to
fall victim (to sth)	fall	victim	to
fall-off (in sth)	falloff	in
fall/land on your feet	fall	land	on	your	feet
fall/slot into place	fall	slot	into	place
falsify sth	falsify
famed (for sth)	famed	for
familiar (with sb)	familiar	with
familiar to sb	familiar	to
familiar with sth	familiar	with
familiarity (to sb)	familiarity	to
familiarity (with sth)	familiarity	with
familiarize yourself/sb (with sth)	familiarize	yourself	with
famous as sth	famous	as
famous for sth	famous	for
fan sb/sth/yourself	fan	yourself
fan sth	fan
fan sth↔out	fan↔out
fan the flames (of sth)	fan	the	flames	of
fancy (that)…	fancy	that
fancy doing sth	fancy	doing
fancy sb	fancy
fancy sb/sth	fancy
fancy sth	fancy
fancy yourself (as) sth	fancy	yourself	as
fancy yourself + adv./prep.	fancy	yourself	adv	prep
fantasize (about sth)	fantasize	about
fantasize (that…)	fantasize	that
far (from, away, below, etc.)	far	from	away	below	etc
far be it from me to do sth (but…)	far	be	it	from	me	to	do	but
far from sth/from doing sth	far	from	from	doing
far into sth	far	into
far/farther/further afield	far	farther	further	afield
farewell sb	farewell
farm sb/sth↔out to sb	farm	sb↔out	to
farm sb↔out (to sb)	farm	sb↔out	to
farm sth	farm
fascinate (sb)	fascinate
fascinated by sth	fascinated	by
fascination for/with sb/sth	fascination	for	with
fashion A (from/out of B)	fashion	A	from	out	of	B
fashion B (into A)	fashion	B	into	A
fast-forward (sth)	fastforward
fast-forward adv./prep.	fastforward	adv	prep
fast-forward to sth	fastforward	to
fast-track sb/sth	fasttrack
fasten (sth)	fasten
fasten (sth) (on sb/sth)	fasten	on
fasten (up)	fasten	up
fasten A and B (together)	fasten	A	and	B	together
fasten A to B	fasten	A	to	B
fasten adv./prep.	fasten	adv	prep
fasten on(to) sb/sth	fasten	onto
fasten sth	fasten
fasten sth + adv./prep.	fasten	adv	prep
fasten sth up	fasten	up
fated (to do sth)	fated	to	do
father (of sth)	father	of
father sb	father
father sth	father
fathom (out) what, where, etc…	fathom	out	what	where
fathom sb/sth (out)	fathom	out
fatten (sb/sth) (up)	fatten	up
fault (for doing sth)	fault	for	doing
fault (that…)	fault	that
fault sb/sth	fault
favour (sb) doing sth	favour	doing
favour sb	favour
favour sth	favour
favourable (to/for sb/sth)	favourable	to	for
favourite (for sth)	favourite	for
favourite (to do sth)	favourite	to	do
fawn (on/over sb)	fawn	on	over
fax sb sth	fax
fax sth	fax
fax sth to sb	fax	to
faze sb	faze
fear (for sb/sth)	fear	for
fear (of sb/sth)	fear	of
fear (that…)	fear	that
fear (that)…	fear	that
fear doing sth	fear	doing
fear for sb/sth	fear	for
fear sb/sth	fear
fear sb/sth + adj.	fear	adj
fear sth	fear
fear to do sth	fear	to	do
fearful (for sb)	fearful	for
fearful (of sth/of doing sth)	fearful	of	of	doing
fearful (that…)	fearful	that
feast (on sth)	feast	on
feast your eyes (on sb/sth)	feast	your	eyes	on
feather your (own) nest	feather	your	own	nest
feather-bed sb/sth	featherbed
feature (in sth)	feature	in
feature (on sb/sth)	feature	on
feature sb/sth	feature
feature sb/sth as sb/sth	feature	as
fed up with doing sth	fed	up	with	doing
fed up with sb/sth	fed	up	with
feed (sth)↔back (to sb)	feed↔back	to
feed A (with B)	feed	A	with	B
feed back (into/to sth)	feed	back	into	to
feed into sth	feed	into
feed on/off sth	feed	on	off
feed sb	feed
feed sb sth	feed
feed sb/sth (on) sth	feed	on
feed sb/sth/yourself	feed	yourself
feed sb↔up	feed	sb↔up
feed sth	feed
feed sth into/through sth	feed	into	through
feed sth to sb	feed	to
feed sth to sb/sth	feed	to
feed through (to sb/sth)	feed	through	to
feel (in sth/about/around, etc.) (for sth)	feel	in	about	around	etc	for
feel (it) in your bones (that…)	feel	it	in	your	bones	that
feel (that)…	feel	that
feel adv./prep.	feel	adv	prep
feel as if/though…	feel	as	if	though
feel doing sth	feel	doing
feel for sb	feel	for
feel free (to do sth)	feel	free	to	do
feel how, what, etc…	feel	how	what
feel it + adj.	feel	it	adj
feel it + noun	feel	it	noun
feel it to be sth	feel	it	to	be
feel like sth	feel	like
feel like sth/like doing sth	feel	like	like	doing
feel sb/sth/yourself do sth	feel	yourself	do
feel sb/sth/yourself doing sth	feel	yourself	doing
feel sb↔up	feel	sb↔up
feel sth	feel
feel up to sth	feel	up	to
feeling (about/on sth)	feeling	about	on
feeling (for sb/sth)	feeling	for
feeling (of sth)	feeling	of
feeling (that…)	feeling	that
feeling for sb/sth	feeling	for
feign sth	feign
feign to do sth	feign	to	do
fell sb	fell
fell sth	fell
fellate sb	fellate
feminize sb	feminize
feminize sth	feminize
fence (with sb)	fence	with
fence sb/sth↔in	fence	sb↔in
fence sth	fence
fence sth↔off	fence↔off
fend sth/sb↔off	fend	sb↔off
ferment sth	ferment
ferret (about/around) (for sth)	ferret	about	around	for
ferret sb/sth↔out	ferret	sb↔out
ferry (sb/sth) (+ adv./prep.)	ferry	adv	prep
fertilize sth	fertilize
festoon sb/sth (with sth)	festoon	with
fetch and carry (for sb)	fetch	and	carry	for
fetch sb sth	fetch
fetch sb/sth	fetch
fetch sth	fetch
fete sb	fete
fetishize sth	fetishize
fetter sb	fetter
feud (between A and B)	feud	between	A	and	B
feud (over sb/sth)	feud	over
feud (with sb)	feud	with
fever (of sth)	fever	of
fictionalize sth	fictionalize
fiddle (with sth)	fiddle	with
fiddle about/around	fiddle	about	around
fiddle about/around with sth	fiddle	about	around	with
fiddle sth	fiddle
fiddle with sth	fiddle	with
fidelity (of sth) (to sth)	fidelity	of	to
fidelity (to sb)	fidelity	to
fidelity (to sth)	fidelity	to
fidget (with sth)	fidget	with
field sb/sth	field
field sth	field
field-test sth	fieldtest
fight (against sth)	fight	against
fight (between A and B)	fight	between	A	and	B
fight (for sth)	fight	for
fight (sb)	fight
fight (sb) for sth	fight	for
fight (sth)	fight
fight (to do sth)	fight	to	do
fight (with sb) (about/over sth)	fight	with	about	over
fight (with sb) (over/about sth)	fight	with	over	about
fight (with sb/sth)	fight	with
fight against sb	fight	against
fight back (against sb/sth)	fight	back	against
fight for (your) life	fight	for	your	life
fight for sth	fight	for
fight out sth	fight	out
fight sb/sth	fight
fight sb/sth (for sth)	fight	for
fight sb/sth↔off	fight	sb↔off
fight shy of sth/of doing sth	fight	shy	of	of	doing
fight sth	fight
fight sth↔back/down	fight↔back	down
fight to do sth	fight	to	do
fight to the death/finish	fight	to	the	death	finish
fight your way…	fight	your	way
fight your/sb'scorner	fight	your	sbscorner
figure (as sth) (in/on/among sth)	figure	as	in	on	among
figure (that)…	figure	that
figure how, what, etc…	figure	how	what
figure on (sb/sth) doing sth	figure	on	doing
figure on sth	figure	on
figure sb/sth↔out	figure	sb↔out
figure sth	figure
figure sth (at sth)	figure	at
figure why, whether, etc…	figure	why	whether
filch sth	filch
file adv./prep.	file	adv	prep
file for sth	file	for
file on sb	file	on
file sth	file
file sth (+ adv./prep.)	file	adv	prep
file sth (away/down, etc.)	file	away	down	etc
file sth away	file	away
file to do sth	file	to	do
fill (with sth)	fill	with
fill in (for sb)	fill	in	for
fill sb (with sth)	fill	with
fill sb in (on sth)	fill	in	on
fill sb's shoes/boots	fill	sbs	shoes	boots
fill sb/yourself (up) (with sth)	fill	yourself	up	with
fill sth	fill
fill sth (up)	fill	up
fill sth (with sth)	fill	with
fill sth + adj.	fill	adj
fill sth with sth	fill	with
fill sth↔in	fill↔in
fill sth↔out	fill↔out
fill sth↔up (with sth)	fill↔up	with
fill up (with sth)	fill	up	with
fill/fit the bill	fill	fit	the	bill
fillet sth	fillet
film (of sth)	film	of
film sb/sth doing sth	film	doing
film sth	film
filter adv./prep.	filter	adv	prep
filter sth	filter
filter sth↔out	filter↔out
finagle (sth)	finagle
finale (to sth)	finale	to
finalize sth	finalize
finance (for sth)	finance	for
finance sth	finance
find (that)…	find	that
find fault (with sb/sth)	find	fault	with
find for/against sb	find	for	against
find in sb's favour	find	in	sbs	favour
find it in your heart/yourself to do sth	find	it	in	your	heart	yourself	to	do
find out (about sth/sb)	find	out	about
find out sth (about sth/sb)	find	out	about
find sb + adj.	find	adj
find sb out	find	out
find sb sth	find
find sb/sth	find
find sb/sth + adj.	find	adj
find sb/sth + adj./noun	find	adj	noun
find sb/sth to be/do sth	find	to	be	do
find sb/sth/yourself + adj.	find	yourself	adj
find sb/sth/yourself + adv./prep.	find	yourself	adv	prep
find sb/sth/yourself doing sth	find	yourself	doing
find sth	find
find sth + adj.	find	adj
find sth + adv./prep.	find	adv	prep
find sth + noun	find	noun
find sth for sb	find	for
find sth/sb	find
find that…	find	that
find what, when, etc…	find	what	when
find your voice/tongue	find	your	voice	tongue
find your way (to…)	find	your	way	to
find your/its way (to/into…)	find	your	its	way	to	into
find/meet your match (in sb)	find	meet	your	match	in
fine sb (for sth/for doing sth)	fine	for	for	doing
fine sb sth (for sth/for doing sth)	fine	for	for	doing
fine-tune sth	finetune
finesse sth	finesse
finger (of sth)	finger	of
finger sb (as sth)	finger	as
finger sb (for sth)	finger	for
finger sth	finger
fingerprint sb	fingerprint
finish (sth)	finish
finish (up) with sth	finish	up	with
finish adv./prep.	finish	adv	prep
finish doing sth	finish	doing
finish sb (off)	finish	off
finish sb/sth↔off	finish	sb↔off
finish sth	finish
finish sth (off/up)	finish	off	up
finish sth↔off	finish↔off
finish up…	finish	up
finish with sb	finish	with
finish with sth	finish	with
finished with sb/sth	finished	with
fire (sth) (at sb/sth)	fire	at
fire (sth) (into sth)	fire	into
fire on sb/sth	fire	on
fire questions, insults, etc. at sb	fire	questions	insults	etc	at
fire sb	fire
fire sb (with sth)	fire	with
fire sb↔up	fire	sb↔up
fire sth	fire
fire sth↔off	fire↔off
fire sth↔up	fire↔up
firebomb sth	firebomb
firm (against sth)	firm	against
firm (to/at…)	firm	to	at
firm sth	firm
firm up sth	firm	up
first (in sth)	first	in
first-foot sb	firstfoot
first, second, etc. go	first	second	etc	go
first/last thing	first	last	thing
fish adv./prep.	fish	adv	prep
fish for sth	fish	for
fish sth (for sth)	fish	for
fish sth/sb↔out (of sth)	fish	sb↔out	of
fit (between A and B)	fit	between	A	and	B
fit (for sth)	fit	for
fit (sb) like a glove	fit	like	a	glove
fit (to do sth)	fit	to	do
fit + adv./prep.	fit	adv	prep
fit adv./prep.	fit	adv	prep
fit for sb/sth	fit	for
fit in (with sb/sth)	fit	in	with
fit into sth	fit	into
fit sb (for sth)	fit	for
fit sb/sth	fit
fit sb/sth for sth	fit	for
fit sb/sth in/into sth	fit	in	into
fit sb/sth to do sth	fit	to	do
fit sb/sth↔in	fit	sb↔in
fit sb/sth↔out/up (with sth)	fit	sb↔out	up	with
fit sb↔up (for sth)	fit	sb↔up	for
fit sth	fit
fit sth + adv./prep.	fit	adv	prep
fit sth to sth	fit	to
fit sth with sth	fit	with
fit to do sth	fit	to	do
fitness for sth	fitness	for
fitness to do sth	fitness	to	do
fitted for/to sth	fitted	for	to
fitted to do sth	fitted	to	do
fitted with sth	fitted	with
fix (up) (for sb) to do sth	fix	up	for	to	do
fix on sb/sth	fix	on
fix sb	fix
fix sb sth	fix
fix sb up (with sb)	fix	up	with
fix sb up (with sth)	fix	up	with
fix sb with a look, stare, gaze, etc.	fix	with	a	look	stare	gaze	etc
fix sth	fix
fix sth (+ adv./prep.)	fix	adv	prep
fix sth (for sb)	fix	for
fix sth for sb	fix	for
fix sth on sb/sth	fix	on
fix sth up (for sb)	fix	up	for
fix sth with sth	fix	with
fix sth↔up	fix↔up
fixated (on sb/sth)	fixated	on
fixation with/on sb/sth	fixation	with	on
fizz with sth	fizz	with
flag sb/sth↔down	flag	sb↔down
flag sth	flag
flag sth↔up	flag↔up
flagellate sb/yourself	flagellate	yourself
flail (sth) (about/around)	flail	about	around
flail sb/sth	flail
flair for sth	flair	for
flake (off)	flake	off
flake (sth)	flake
flambé sth	flambé
flame (sth)	flame
flame sb	flame
flank sth	flank
flap (sth)	flap
flap adv./prep.	flap	adv	prep
flap sth	flap
flare (sth)	flare
flare (up)	flare	up
flash (sth) (up)	flash	up
flash adv./prep.	flash	adv	prep
flash at sb	flash	at
flash back (to sth)	flash	back	to
flash by/past	flash	by	past
flash of sth	flash	of
flash on sb	flash	on
flash on sth	flash	on
flash sb (sth)	flash
flash sb a smile, look, etc.	flash	a	smile	look	etc
flash sth	flash
flash sth (at sb)	flash	at
flash sth + adv./prep.	flash	adv	prep
flash sth around	flash	around
flash sth at sb	flash	at
flatten sb	flatten
flatten sth	flatten
flatten sth/yourself against/on sb/sth	flatten	yourself	against	on
flatten sth↔out	flatten↔out
flatter sb	flatter
flatter yourself (that…)	flatter	yourself	that
flattery will get you everywhere/nowhere	flattery	will	get	you	everywhere	nowhere
flaunt sth	flaunt
flavour sth (with sth)	flavour	with
flaw (in sb/sth)	flaw	in
flaw (in sth)	flaw	in
flaw in sth	flaw	in
flay sb	flay
flay sb/yourself	flay	yourself
flay sth/sb	flay
fleck (of sth)	fleck	of
fleck sth (with sth)	fleck	with
flee from sb/sth	flee	from
flee sth	flee
flee to…/into…	flee	to	into
fleece sb	fleece
fleet (of sth)	fleet	of
flesh sth↔out	flesh↔out
flex (sth)	flex
flick A (with B)	flick	A	with	B
flick adv./prep.	flick	adv	prep
flick B (at A)	flick	B	at	A
flick sth	flick
flick sth (+ adv./prep.)	flick	adv	prep
flick sth + adv./prep.	flick	adv	prep
flick sth on/off	flick	on	off
flick through sth	flick	through
flicker (of sth)	flicker	of
flicker adv./prep.	flicker	adv	prep
flight sth	flight
flinch at sth	flinch	at
flinch from doing sth	flinch	from	doing
flinch from sth	flinch	from
fling (with sb)	fling	with
fling sb/sth + adv./prep.	fling	adv	prep
fling sb↔out	fling	sb↔out
fling sth (at sb)	fling	at
fling sth↔off/on	fling↔off	on
fling sth↔out	fling↔out
fling yourself at sb	fling	yourself	at
fling yourself into sth	fling	yourself	into
fling yourself/sth + adv./prep.	fling	yourself	adv	prep
fling, sling, etc. mud (at sb)	fling	sling	etc	mud	at
flip (out)	flip	out
flip side (of/to sth)	flip	side	of	to
flip sth	flip
flip sth (+ adj.)	flip	adj
flip sth + adv./prep.	flip	adv	prep
flip sth on/off	flip	on	off
flip sth↔over	flip↔over
flip through sth	flip	through
flip-flop (on sth)	flipflop	on
flirt (with sb)	flirt	with
flirt with sth	flirt	with
flirtation (with sb)	flirtation	with
flirtation with sth	flirtation	with
flit adv./prep.	flit	adv	prep
flit from A to B	flit	from	A	to	B
float (sth)	float
float about/around	float	about	around
float adv./prep.	float	adv	prep
float in/on sth	float	in	on
float sb's boat	float	sbs	boat
float sth	float
float sth + adv./prep.	float	adv	prep
float/walk on air	float	walk	on	air
flock (of sb)	flock	of
flock (of sth)	flock	of
flock adv./prep.	flock	adv	prep
flock to do sth	flock	to	do
flog sb	flog
flog sb sth	flog
flog sth (off)	flog	off
flog sth (to sb)	flog	to
flog sth to death	flog	to	death
flood (of sth)	flood	of
flood (sth)	flood
flood adv./prep.	flood	adv	prep
flood in/into/out of sth	flood	in	into	out	of
flood sb with sth	flood	with
flood sb/sth with sth	flood	with
flood sb↔out	flood	sb↔out
flood sth	flood
flood sth with sth	flood	with
floodlight sth	floodlight
floor sb	floor
floor sth	floor
flop (down/back)	flop	down	back
flop adv./prep.	flop	adv	prep
flop into/on sth	flop	into	on
floss (sth)	floss
flounce adv./prep.	flounce	adv	prep
flounder adv./prep.	flounder	adv	prep
flour sth	flour
flourish sth	flourish
flout sth	flout
flow (down/over sth)	flow	down	over
flow (of sth)	flow	of
flow (of sth/sb)	flow	of
flow adv./prep.	flow	adv	prep
flow from sth	flow	from
flow of sth	flow	of
flowering of sth	flowering	of
flub (sth)	flub
fluctuate adv./prep.	fluctuate	adv	prep
fluctuate between A and B	fluctuate	between	A	and	B
fluctuation (in/of sth)	fluctuation	in	of
fluent (in sth)	fluent	in
fluff sth	fluff
fluff sth (out/up)	fluff	out	up
flummox sb	flummox
flunk (sth)	flunk
flunk out (of sth)	flunk	out	of
flunk sb	flunk
flush (sth)	flush
flush adv./prep.	flush	adv	prep
flush sb/sth out (of sth)	flush	out	of
flush sb/sth↔out	flush	sb↔out
flush sth	flush
flush sth out (with sth)	flush	out	with
flush sth through sth	flush	through
flush with sth	flush	with
fluster sb	fluster
flutter (on sth)	flutter	on
flutter (sth)	flutter
flutter adv./prep.	flutter	adv	prep
flutter sth	flutter
fly (from…) (to…)	fly	from	to
fly (sth)	fly
fly adv./prep.	fly	adv	prep
fly at sb	fly	at
fly by/past	fly	by	past
fly in the face of sth	fly	in	the	face	of
fly into a rage, temper, etc.	fly	into	a	rage	temper	etc
fly sth	fly
fly-post (sth)	flypost
fly/go off at a tangent	fly	go	off	at	a	tangent
fly/go out (of) the window	fly	go	out	of	the	window
fly/show/wave the flag	fly	show	wave	the	flag
fob sb↔off (with sth)	fob	sb↔off	with
focalize sth	focalize
focus (on/upon sb/sth)	focus	on	upon
focus for sth	focus	for
focus on sb/sth	focus	on
focus on sth	focus	on
focus sth (on sb/sth)	focus	on
focus sth (on sth)	focus	on
focus sth (on/upon sb/sth)	focus	on	upon
fog (sth) (up)	fog	up
fog sth	fog
foil (for sb/sth)	foil	for
foil sb (in sth)	foil	in
foil sth	foil
foist sb/sth on/upon sb	foist	on	upon
fold (away/up)	fold	away	up
fold A in B	fold	A	in	B
fold B round/over A	fold	B	round	over	A
fold sb in your arms	fold	in	your	arms
fold sth (away/down/up)	fold	away	down	up
fold sth (back, down, over, etc.)	fold	back	down	over	etc
fold sth (up)	fold	up
fold sth into sth	fold	into
fold sth↔in	fold↔in
follow (from sth)	follow	from
follow (sb)	follow
follow (sb/sth)	follow
follow (sth)	follow
follow (sth/sb)	follow
follow in sb's footsteps	follow	in	sbs	footsteps
follow sb around/about	follow	around	about
follow sb/sth	follow
follow sth	follow
follow sth up with sth	follow	up	with
follow sth with sth	follow	with
follow sth↔through	follow↔through
follow sth↔up	follow↔up
follow through (with sth)	follow	through	with
folly (to do sth)	folly	to	do
foment sth	foment
fond of (doing) sth	fond	of	doing
fond of sb	fond	of
fondle sb/sth	fondle
fondness for sb/sth	fondness	for
fool (about/around)	fool	about	around
fool (about/around) with sth	fool	about	around	with
fool (with sb)	fool	with
fool sb	fool
fool sb into doing sth	fool	into	doing
fools rush in (where angels fear to tread)	fools	rush	in	where	angels	fear	to	tread
for (all) practical purposes	for	all	practical	purposes
for (so) long	for	so	long
for (the) want of sth	for	the	want	of
for all (the world) to see	for	all	the	world	to	see
for all sb/it is worth	for	all	it	is	worth
for all the world as if/though…	for	all	the	world	as	if	though
for all the world like sb/sth	for	all	the	world	like
for all you, I, they, etc. care	for	all	you	I	they	etc	care
for all you, I, they, etc. know	for	all	you	I	they	etc	know
for better or (for) worse	for	better	or	for	worse
for Christ's, God's, goodness', heaven's, pity's, etc. sake	for	Christs	Gods	goodness	heavens	pitys	etc	sake
for fear (that)…	for	fear	that
for fear of sth/of doing sth	for	fear	of	of	doing
for my, his, their, etc. part	for	my	his	their	etc	part
for sb's benefit	for	sbs	benefit
for sb's eyes only	for	sbs	eyes	only
for sb's/sth's sake	for	sbss	sake
for sth's sake	fors	sake
for the moment/present	for	the	moment	present
for the sake of sb/sth	for	the	sake	of
for the sake of sth/of doing sth	for	the	sake	of	of	doing
for/in the foreseeable future	for	in	the	foreseeable	future
forage (for sth)	forage	for
foray (into sth)	foray	into
foray (to/into…)	foray	to	into
forbear (from sth/from doing sth)	forbear	from	from	doing
forbear to do sth	forbear	to	do
forbid (sb) doing sth	forbid	doing
forbid sb (from doing sth)	forbid	from	doing
forbid sb sth	forbid
forbid sb to do sth	forbid	to	do
forbid sth	forbid
force sb	force
force sb into doing sth	force	into	doing
force sb into sth	force	into
force sb's hand	force	sbs	hand
force sb/sth on/upon sb	force	on	upon
force sb/yourself to do sth	force	yourself	to	do
force sth	force
force sth + adj.	force	adj
force sth + adv./prep.	force	adv	prep
force sth out of sb	force	out	of
force sth↔back	force↔back
force sth↔down	force↔down
force-feed sb	forcefeed
force/thrust/ram sth down sb's throat	force	thrust	ram	down	sbs	throat
ford sth	ford
forecast how, what, etc…	forecast	how	what
forecast sth	forecast
forecast sth to do sth	forecast	to	do
forecast that…	forecast	that
foreclose (on sb/sth)	foreclose	on
foreclose sth	foreclose
foredoomed (to sth)	foredoomed	to
foreground sth	foreground
foreign to sb/sth	foreign	to
forerunner (of sb/sth)	forerunner	of
foresee (that)…	foresee	that
foresee how, what, etc…	foresee	how	what
foresee sb/sth doing sth	foresee	doing
foresee sth	foresee
foreshadow sth	foreshadow
foreshorten sth	foreshorten
foreshorten sth/sb	foreshorten
forest (of sth)	forest	of
forestall sth/sb	forestall
foretell sth	foretell
foretell that…	foretell	that
foretell what, when, etc…	foretell	what	when
forewarn sb (of sth)	forewarn	of
forewarn sb that…	forewarn	that
forfeit sth	forfeit
forfend sth	forfend
forge adv./prep.	forge	adv	prep
forge ahead (with sth)	forge	ahead	with
forge sth	forge
forge sth (from sth)	forge	from
forget (about sb/sth)	forget	about
forget (about sth)	forget	about
forget (sb) doing sth	forget	doing
forget (that)…	forget	that
forget about sth	forget	about
forget sb/sth	forget
forget sth	forget
forget sth/sb	forget
forget to do sth	forget	to	do
forget where, how, etc…	forget	where	how
forgetful of sb/sth	forgetful	of
forgive (sb) sth	forgive
forgive (sth)	forgive
forgive me for doing sth	forgive	me	for	doing
forgive my …	forgive	my
forgive my doing sth	forgive	my	doing
forgive sb sth	forgive
forgive sb/yourself (for sth/for doing sth)	forgive	yourself	for	for	doing
forgiving of sth	forgiving	of
forgo sth	forgo
fork adv./prep.	fork	adv	prep
fork out (for sth)	fork	out	for
fork out sth (for/on sth)	fork	out	for	on
form (sth)	form
form (up) (into sth)	form	up	into
form sb/sth (up) (into sth)	form	up	into
form sth	form
form sth from/of sth	form	from	of
form sth into sth	form	into
formalize sth	formalize
format sth	format
formula for sth/for doing sth	formula	for	for	doing
formulate sth	formulate
formulate sth to do sth	formulate	to	do
forsake sb/sth (for sb/sth)	forsake	for
forsake sth (for sb/sth)	forsake	for
forswear sth	forswear
fortify sb/yourself (against sb/sth)	fortify	yourself	against
fortify sth (against sb/sth)	fortify	against
fortify sth (with sth)	fortify	with
fortunate (for sb)(that…)	fortunate	for	sbthat
fortunate (in having…)	fortunate	in	having
fortunate (to do sth)	fortunate	to	do
forum (for sth)	forum	for
forward (sth)	forward
forward sb sth	forward
forward sth	forward
forward sth (to sb)	forward	to
forward sth to sb	forward	to
fossick (through sth)	fossick	through
fossilize (sb/sth)	fossilize
fossilize (sth)	fossilize
foster (sb)	foster
foster sth	foster
foul (sth)	foul
foul (up)	foul	up
foul sb	foul
foul sth	foul
foul sth (up)	foul	up
foul sth↔up	foul↔up
found sth	found
found sth (on sth)	found	on
founder (on sth)	founder	on
fount (of sth)	fount	of
fox sb	fox
fracture sth	fracture
fracture sth (into sth)	fracture	into
fragment (sth)	fragment
frame sb (for sth)	frame	for
frame sth	frame
framework (of/for sth)	framework	of	for
franchise sth (out) (to sb/sth)	franchise	out	to
frank sth	frank
Fraser, (Mad) Frankie	Fraser	Mad	Frankie
fraternize (with sb)	fraternize	with
fraught with sth	fraught	with
fray (sth)	fray
fray at/around the edges/seams	fray	at	around	the	edges	seams
fray sth	fray
freak (out)	freak	out
freak sb (out)	freak	out
free (for sth)	free	for
free (of sth)	free	of
free from/of sth	free	from	of
free sb (from sth)	free	from
free sb to do sth	free	to	do
free sb/sth (up)	free	up
free sb/sth of/from sb/sth	free	of	from
free sb/sth/yourself (from sth)	free	yourself	from
free to do sth	free	to	do
free with sth	free	with
freedom (of sth)	freedom	of
freedom (to do sth)	freedom	to	do
freedom from sth	freedom	from
freedom of/room for manoeuvre	freedom	of	room	for	manoeuvre
freewheel adv./prep.	freewheel	adv	prep
freeze (on sth)	freeze	on
freeze (up)	freeze	up
freeze sb	freeze
freeze sb↔out (of sth)	freeze	sb↔out	of
freeze sth	freeze
freeze sth (up)	freeze	up
freeze-dry sth	freezedry
freight sth	freight
freight sth with sth	freight	with
French polish sth	French	polish
frenzy (of sth)	frenzy	of
frequent sth	frequent
fresh (with sb)	fresh	with
fresh from sth	fresh	from
fresh out of sth	fresh	out	of
freshen sth (up)	freshen	up
fret (about/over sth)	fret	about	over
fret (that…)	fret	that
friction (between A and B)	friction	between	A	and	B
friendly (with sb)	friendly	with
friendly to/toward(s) sb	friendly	to	towards
friendship between A and B	friendship	between	A	and	B
friendship with sb	friendship	with
frighten (sb)	frighten
frighten sb into sth/into doing sth	frighten	into	into	doing
frighten sb to do sth	frighten	to	do
frighten sb/sth away from sth	frighten	away	from
frighten sb/sth↔away/off	frighten	sb↔away	off
frighten/scare sb to death	frighten	scare	to	death
frighten/scare the (living) daylights out of sb	frighten	scare	the	living	daylights	out	of
frighten/scare the life out of sb	frighten	scare	the	life	out	of
frightened for sb	frightened	for
frightened of doing sth	frightened	of	doing
frightened of sth	frightened	of
frightened that…	frightened	that
frightened to do sth	frightened	to	do
fringe sth	fringe
frisk (around)	frisk	around
frisk sb	frisk
fritter sth↔away (on sth)	fritter↔away	on
frizz (sth)	frizz
frizzle sth	frizzle
frogmarch sb + adv./prep.	frogmarch	adv	prep
from A to B	from	A	to	B
from head to foot/toe	from	head	to	foot	toe
from sth (to sth)	from	to
from that day/time forth	from	that	day	time	forth
from the (bottom of your) heart	from	the	bottom	of	your	heart
from the (very) first	from	the	very	first
from… on	from	on
from… onwards	from	onwards
from/on the wrong side of the tracks	from	on	the	wrong	side	of	the	tracks
front (for sth)	front	for
front for sb/sth	front	for
front onto sth	front	onto
front sb	front
front sth	front
front-load sth	frontload
frontier (between A and B)	frontier	between	A	and	B
frontier (of sth)	frontier	of
frontier (with sth)	frontier	with
frost (over/up)	frost	over	up
frost sth	frost
frost sth (over/up)	frost	over	up
froth (sth)	froth
froth of sth	froth	of
frown (at sb/sth)	frown	at
frown on/upon sb/sth	frown	on	upon
frozen with/in sth	frozen	with	in
frustrate sb	frustrate
frustrate sb/sth	frustrate
frustrated at/with sth	frustrated	at	with
frustration of sth	frustration	of
fry (sth)	fry
fuck (sb)	fuck
fuck sb around	fuck	around
fuck sb/sth	fuck
fuck sb↔up	fuck	sb↔up
fuck sth↔up	fuck↔up
fuck with sb	fuck	with
fudge (on) sth	fudge	on
fuel (sth) (up)	fuel	up
fuel sth	fuel
fugitive (from sb/sth)	fugitive	from
fulfil sb/yourself	fulfil	yourself
fulfil sth	fulfil
full (of sth)	full	of
full in/on sth	full	in	on
full of beans/life	full	of	beans	life
full of sth	full	of
full speed/steam ahead	full	speed	steam	ahead
full/short measure	full	short	measure
fulminate against (sb/sth)	fulminate	against
fumble (at/with/in sth) (for sth)	fumble	at	with	in	for
fumble (for sth)	fumble	for
fumble sth	fumble
fumble sth (+ adv./prep.)	fumble	adv	prep
fumble to do sth	fumble	to	do
fume (at/over/about sb/sth)	fume	at	over	about
fume (with sth)	fume	with
fumigate sth	fumigate
function adv./prep.	function	adv	prep
function as sb/sth	function	as
fund of sth	fund	of
fund sth	fund
fundamental (to sth)	fundamental	to
funk sth	funk
funnel adv./prep.	funnel	adv	prep
funnel sth (+ adv./prep.)	funnel	adv	prep
furious (at sth/sb)	furious	at
furious (that…)	furious	that
furious (with sb/yourself)	furious	with	yourself
furl sth	furl
furlough sb	furlough
furnish sb/sth with sth	furnish	with
furnish sth	furnish
furore (about/over sth)	furore	about	over
furore (among sb)	furore	among
furrow (sth)	furrow
furrow sth	furrow
further sth	further
fuse (into sth)	fuse	into
fuse (sth)	fuse
fuse (together)	fuse	together
fuse sth	fuse
fuse sth (into sth)	fuse	into
fuse with sth	fuse	with
fuss (about sth)	fuss	about
fuss (around)	fuss	around
fuss (with/over sth)	fuss	with	over
fuss over sb	fuss	over
fussy (about sth)	fussy	about
future-proof sth	futureproof
gabble on/away	gabble	on	away
gabble sth	gabble
gad about/around	gad	about	around
gag (on sth)	gag	on
gag sb	gag
gag sb/sth	gag
gain (by/from sth)	gain	by	from
gain (sth)	gain
gain against sth	gain	against
gain in sth	gain	in
gain on sb/sth	gain	on
gain sb sth	gain
gain sth	gain
gain sth (by/from sth)	gain	by	from
gain, get, have, etc. the upper hand	gain	get	have	etc	the	upper	hand
gain/make up ground (on sb/sth)	gain	make	up	ground	on
gainsay sth	gainsay
gale(s) of laughter	gales	of	laughter
gall sb	gall
gallivant (about/around)	gallivant	about	around
gallop adv./prep.	gallop	adv	prep
gallop sth (+ adv./prep.)	gallop	adv	prep
galumph adv./prep.	galumph	adv	prep
galvanize sb (into sth/into doing sth)	galvanize	into	into	doing
galvanize sth	galvanize
gamble (at/on sth)	gamble	at	on
gamble on sth/on doing sth	gamble	on	on	doing
gamble sth (at/on sth)	gamble	at	on
gamble sth (on sth)	gamble	on
gamble sth↔away	gamble↔away
gamble with/on sth	gamble	with	on
gambol adv./prep.	gambol	adv	prep
game (for sth/to do sth)	game	for	to	do
gang up (on/against sb)	gang	up	on	against
gang-bang sb	gangbang
gang-rape sb	gangrape
gap (in/between sth)	gap	in	between
gape (at sb/sth)	gape	at
garage sth	garage
garbed (in sth)	garbed	in
gargle (with sth)	gargle	with
garland sb/sth	garland
garner sth	garner
garnish sth (with sth)	garnish	with
garrison sb + adv./prep.	garrison	adv	prep
garrison sth	garrison
garrotte sb	garrotte
gas sb/yourself	gas	yourself
gash (in/on sth)	gash	in	on
gash sth/sb	gash
gasp (at sth)	gasp	at
gasp (for sth)	gasp	for
gasp (sth) (out)	gasp	out
gatecrash (sth)	gatecrash
gateway to sth	gateway	to
gateway to/into…	gateway	to	into
gather (sth)	gather
gather (that)…	gather	that
gather adv./prep.	gather	adv	prep
gather sb + adv./prep.	gather	adv	prep
gather sth	gather
gather sth (in)	gather	in
gather sth around you/sth	gather	around	you
gather sth together/up	gather	together	up
gather sth up	gather	up
gather sth/yourself	gather	yourself
gauge (of sth)	gauge	of
gauge how, what, etc…	gauge	how	what
gauge sth	gauge
gauge whether, how, etc…	gauge	whether	how
gawk (at sb/sth)	gawk	at
gawp (at sb/sth)	gawp	at
gaze adv./prep.	gaze	adv	prep
gazump sb	gazump
gazunder sb	gazunder
gear sb/sth↔up (for/to sth)	gear	sb↔up	for	to
gear sth to/towards sth	gear	to	towards
gear up (for/to sth)	gear	up	for	to
geared to do sth	geared	to	do
geared to/towards sth	geared	to	towards
geared up (for sth)	geared	up	for
geared up (to do sth)	geared	up	to	do
gee sb↔on	gee	sb↔on
gee sb↔up	gee	sb↔up
gel sth	gel
geld sth	geld
gen (on sth)	gen	on
gen sb/yourself up (on sth)	gen	yourself	up	on
gen up (on sth)	gen	up	on
generalize (about sth)	generalize	about
generalize (from sth)	generalize	from
generalize sth (to sth)	generalize	to
generally, broadly, roughly, relatively, etc. speaking	generally	broadly	roughly	relatively	etc	speaking
generate sth	generate
generosity (to/towards sb)	generosity	to	towards
generous (with sth)	generous	with
genius for sth/for doing sth	genius	for	for	doing
gentrify sth/sb	gentrify
genuflect (to sth)	genuflect	to
germ of sth	germ	of
germane (to sth)	germane	to
germinate (sth)	germinate
gerrymander sth	gerrymander
gestate sth	gestate
gesture (to sb) (that)…	gesture	to	that
gesture adv./prep.	gesture	adv	prep
gesture for sb to do sth	gesture	for	to	do
gesture to sb (to do sth)	gesture	to	to	do
get (down) to/set to work	get	down	to	set	to	work
get (hold of) the wrong end of the stick	get	hold	of	the	wrong	end	of	the	stick
get (sb) off the hook	get	off	the	hook
get (sth) off the ground	get	off	the	ground
get (yourself) into shape	get	yourself	into	shape
get (yourself)/be in a stew (about/over sth)	get	yourself	be	in	a	stew	about	over
get a charge out of sth	get	a	charge	out	of
get a load of sb/sth	get	a	load	of
get a rise out of sb	get	a	rise	out	of
get across (to sb)	get	across	to
get adv./prep.	get	adv	prep
get ahead (of sb)	get	ahead	of
get at sb	get	at
get at sb/sth	get	at
get at sth	get	at
get away (from sb/…)	get	away	from	sb
get away (from…)	get	away	from
get away with sth	get	away	with
get back (in)	get	back	in
get back at sb	get	back	at
get back to sb	get	back	to
get back to sth	get	back	to
get back together (with sb)	get	back	together	with
get behind (with sth)	get	behind	with
get bent out of shape (about/over sth)	get	bent	out	of	shape	about	over
get by (on/in/with sth)	get	by	on	in	with
get caught/found with your hand in the cookie jar	get	caught	found	with	your	hand	in	the	cookie	jar
get doing sth	get	doing
get down to sth	get	down	to
get hold of sb	get	hold	of
get hold of sth	get	hold	of
get in on sth	get	in	on
get in sb's hair	get	in	sbs	hair
get in with sb	get	in	with
get in/into the swing (of sth)	get	in	into	the	swing	of
get into sth	get	into
get into/keep bad company	get	into	keep	bad	company
get into/out of the way of (doing) sth	get	into	out	of	the	way	of	doing
get it on (with sb)	get	it	on	with
get no change out of sb	get	no	change	out	of
get off (with sth)	get	off	with
get off on sth	get	off	on
get off sb	get	off
get off sb's back	get	off	sbs	back
get off sth	get	off
get off with sb	get	off	with
get off/be let off lightly	get	off	be	let	off	lightly
get on (together)	get	on	together
get on sb's nerves	get	on	sbs	nerves
get on sb's wick	get	on	sbs	wick
get on the right/wrong side of sb	get	on	the	right	wrong	side	of
get on to sb	get	on	to
get on to sth	get	on	to
get on top of sb	get	on	top	of
get on top of sth	get	on	top	of
get on with sb	get	on	with
get on with sth	get	on	with
get on/along famously	get	on	along	famously
get one over (on) sb/sth	get	one	over	on
get out (of sth)	get	out	of
get out of sth	get	out	of
get over sth	get	over
get over sth/sb	get	over
get rid of sb/sth	get	rid	of
get round/around sb	get	round	around
get round/around sth	get	round	around
get round/around to sth	get	round	around	to
get sb	get
get sb + adv./prep.	get	adv	prep
get sb down	get	down
get sb going	get	going
get sb into trouble	get	into	trouble
get sb nowhere	get	nowhere
get sb nowhere/not get sb anywhere	get	nowhere	not	get	anywhere
get sb off	get	off
get sb off (with sth)	get	off	with
get sb off sth	get	off
get sb through sth	get	through
get sb up	get	up
get sb wrong	get	wrong
get sb's goat	get	sbs	goat
get sb/sth	get
get sb/sth + adj.	get	adj
get sb/sth + adv./prep.	get	adv	prep
get sb/sth doing sth	get	doing
get sb/sth to do sth	get	to	do
get sb/sth together	get	together
get sb/yourself sth	get	yourself
get sb↔in	get	sb↔in
get somewhere/anywhere/nowhere	get	somewhere	anywhere	nowhere
get sth	get
get sth (for sth)	get	for
get sth done	get	done
get sth down to a fine art	get	down	to	a	fine	art
get sth for sb	get	for
get sth for sb/yourself	get	for	yourself
get sth in one	get	in	one
get sth into gear	get	into	gear
get sth moving	get	moving
get sth off	get	off
get sth off your chest	get	off	your	chest
get sth out of sb	get	out	of
get sth out of sb/sth	get	out	of
get sth out of your system	get	out	of	your	system
get sth over (with)	get	over	with
get sth straight	get	straight
get sth through (sth)	get	through
get sth wrong	get	wrong
get sth↔across (to sb)	get↔across	to
get sth↔back	get↔back
get sth↔down	get↔down
get sth↔in	get↔in
get sth↔out	get↔out
get sth↔over (to sb)	get↔over	to
get sth↔up	get↔up
get stuck into sth	get	stuck	into
get the better of sb/sth	get	the	better	of
get the feel of sth/of doing sth	get	the	feel	of	of	doing
get the hang of sth	get	the	hang	of
get the hell out (of…)	get	the	hell	out	of
get through (sth)	get	through
get through (to sb)	get	through	to
get through (to sth)	get	through	to
get through sth	get	through
get through to sb	get	through	to
get through with sth	get	through	with
get to do sth	get	to	do
get to sb	get	to
get to the bottom of sth	get	to	the	bottom	of
get together (with sb)	get	together	with
get under sb's skin	get	under	sbs	skin
get up sb's nose	get	up	sbs	nose
get up to sth	get	up	to
get up/pick up steam	get	up	pick	up	steam
get wind of sth	get	wind	of
get your ass over/in here, etc.	get	your	ass	over	in	here	etc
get your breath (again/back)	get	your	breath	again	back
get your claws into sb	get	your	claws	into
get your head round sth	get	your	head	round
get your own back (on sb)	get	your	own	back	on
get your teeth into sth	get	your	teeth	into
get your tongue around/round sth	get	your	tongue	around	round
get yourself/sb into sth	get	yourself	into
get yourself/sb up as sth	get	yourself	up	as
get, etc. somewhere under your own steam	get	etc	somewhere	under	your	own	steam
get, have, etc. a free hand	get	have	etc	a	free	hand
get, have, etc. the sniffles	get	have	etc	the	sniffles
get, have, etc. the snuffles	get	have	etc	the	snuffles
get, pull, etc. your finger out	get	pull	etc	your	finger	out
get, take, etc. a free ride	get	take	etc	a	free	ride
get, win, take, etc. the wooden spoon	get	win	take	etc	the	wooden	spoon
get/be given the chop	get	be	given	the	chop
get/be given/have the floor	get	be	given	have	the	floor
get/be on your soapbox	get	be	on	your	soapbox
get/fall into arrears	get	fall	into	arrears
get/find/take your bearings	get	find	take	your	bearings
get/give sb what for	get	give	what	for
get/go into a huddle (with sb)	get	go	into	a	huddle	with
get/go nowhere	get	go	nowhere
get/have (all) your ducks in a row	get	have	all	your	ducks	in	a	row
get/have a handle on sb/sth	get	have	a	handle	on
get/have a/your foot in the door	get	have	a	your	foot	in	the	door
get/have cold feet	get	have	cold	feet
get/have the hots for sb	get	have	the	hots	for
get/have the wind up (about sth)	get	have	the	wind	up	about
get/have your end away	get	have	your	end	away
get/have your own way	get	have	your	own	way
get/have/take sb's measure	get	have	take	sbs	measure
get/keep sb onside	get	keep	onside
get/knock/lick sb into shape	get	knock	lick	into	shape
get/knock/lick sth into shape	get	knock	lick	into	shape
get/put sb's back up	get	put	sbs	back	up
get/put your skates on	get	put	your	skates	on
get/set/start/keep the ball rolling	get	set	start	keep	the	ball	rolling
get/start off on the right/wrong foot (with sb)	get	start	off	on	the	right	wrong	foot	with
get/take a grip (on yourself)	get	take	a	grip	on	yourself
get/take the hump	get	take	the	hump
get/take/have the measure of sb	get	take	have	the	measure	of
get/turn nasty	get	turn	nasty
ghost adv./prep.	ghost	adv	prep
ghost of sth	ghost	of
ghostwrite (sth)	ghostwrite
giddy (with sth)	giddy	with
gift (for doing sth)	gift	for	doing
gift (for sth)	gift	for
gift sb sth	gift
gift sth to sb	gift	to
gift-wrap sth	giftwrap
gifted with sth	gifted	with
giggle (at/about sb/sth)	giggle	at	about
gild sth	gild
ginger sth/sb↔up	ginger	sb↔up
gird (up) your loins	gird	up	your	loins
gird (yourself/sb/sth) (up) for sth	gird	yourself	up	for
gird sth (with sth)	gird	with
girdle sth	girdle
gist (of sth)	gist	of
give (a) preference to sb/sth	give	a	preference	to
give (full) vent to sth	give	full	vent	to
give (sb) (some, no, any, etc.) trouble	give	some	no	any	etc	trouble
give (sb) pause	give	pause
give (sth)	give
give a good/poor account of yourself	give	a	good	poor	account	of	yourself
give a hundred (and ten) per cent	give	a	hundred	and	ten	per	cent
give birth (to sb/sth)	give	birth	to
give doing sth	give	doing
give in (to sb/sth)	give	in	to
give it up (for sb)	give	it	up	for
give me sth/sb (any day/time)	give	me	any	day	time
give off sth	give	off
give on to/onto sth	give	on	to	onto
give or take (sth)	give	or	take
give out sth	give	out
give place to sb/sth	give	place	to
give props to sb	give	props	to
give rise to sth	give	rise	to
give sb (fresh) heart	give	fresh	heart
give sb a (good) run for their money	give	a	good	run	for	their	money
give sb a bell	give	a	bell
give sb a box on the ears	give	a	box	on	the	ears
give sb a break	give	a	break
give sb a buzz	give	a	buzz
give sb a dirty look	give	a	dirty	look
give sb a handle (on sth)	give	a	handle	on
give sb a hard time	give	a	hard	time
give sb a leg-up	give	a	legup
give sb a mouthful	give	a	mouthful
give sb a piece of your mind	give	a	piece	of	your	mind
give sb a ring	give	a	ring
give sb a rough/an easy ride	give	a	rough	an	easy	ride
give sb a shout	give	a	shout
give sb a turn	give	a	turn
give sb an inch (and they'll take a mile/yard)	give	an	inch	and	theyll	take	a	mile	yard
give sb away	give	away
give sb back sth	give	back
give sb enough rope	give	enough	rope
give sb five	give	five
give sb grief (about/over sth)	give	grief	about	over
give sb gyp	give	gyp
give sb hell	give	hell
give sb ideas	give	ideas
give sb sth	give
give sb sth (for sth)	give	for
give sb the (old) heave-ho	give	the	old	heaveho
give sb the benefit of the doubt	give	the	benefit	of	the	doubt
give sb the cold shoulder	give	the	cold	shoulder
give sb the creeps	give	the	creeps
give sb the elbow	give	the	elbow
give sb the eye	give	the	eye
give sb the finger	give	the	finger
give sb the runaround	give	the	runaround
give sb the shaft	give	the	shaft
give sb the slip	give	the	slip
give sb the third degree	give	the	third	degree
give sb the works	give	the	works
give sb their cards	give	their	cards
give sb their head	give	their	head
give sb their marching orders	give	their	marching	orders
give sb to believe/understand (that)…	give	to	believe	understand	that
give sb up	give	up
give sb up for lost	give	up	for	lost
give sb/get a big hand	give	get	a	big	hand
give sb/get a roasting	give	get	a	roasting
give sb/get a thick ear	give	get	a	thick	ear
give sb/get the bird	give	get	the	bird
give sb/get the bum's rush	give	get	the	bums	rush
give sb/get the push	give	get	the	push
give sb/get/have the run of sth	give	get	have	the	run	of
give sb/sth + adj.	give	adj
give sb/sth a wide berth	give	a	wide	berth
give sb/sth a/the once-over	give	a	the	onceover
give sb/sth half a chance	give	half	a	chance
give sb/sth sth	give
give sb/sth the nod	give	the	nod
give sb/sth up as a bad job	give	up	as	a	bad	job
give sb/sth/get short shrift	give	get	short	shrift
give shape to sth	give	shape	to
give sth	give
give sth (to sb/sth)	give	to
give sth (to sth)	give	to
give sth a miss	give	a	miss
give sth a rest	give	a	rest
give sth a whirl	give	a	whirl
give sth for sth	give	for
give sth in (to sb)	give	in	to
give sth to sb	give	to
give sth to sb/sth	give	to
give sth/sb↔away	give	sb↔away
give sth↔away	give↔away
give sth↔back (to sb)	give↔back	to
give sth↔out	give↔out
give sth↔over to sth	give↔over	to
give sth↔up	give↔up
give sth↔up (to sb)	give↔up	to
give the lie to sth	give	the	lie	to
give to sth	give	to
give up on sb	give	up	on
give voice to sth	give	voice	to
give way (to sb/sth)	give	way	to
give way to sth	give	way	to
give your eye teeth for sth/to do sth	give	your	eye	teeth	for	to	do
give your heart to sb	give	your	heart	to
give your name to sth	give	your	name	to
give your right arm for sth/to do sth	give	your	right	arm	for	to	do
give yourself over to sth	give	yourself	over	to
give yourself up to sth	give	yourself	up	to
give yourself/sb up (to sb)	give	yourself	up	to
give/allow free/full rein to sth	give	allow	free	full	rein	to
give/allow sb/sth free/full rein	give	allow	free	full	rein
give/have it large	give	have	it	large
give/lend a helping hand	give	lend	a	helping	hand
give/lose ground (to sb/sth)	give	lose	ground	to
give/pay heed (to sb/sth)	give	pay	heed	to
give/send my love to sb	give	send	my	love	to
glad (that)…	glad	that
glad about sth	glad	about
glad if…	glad	if
glad of sth	glad	of
glad to do sth	glad	to	do
glad-hand (sb)	gladhand
gladden sth	gladden
glamorize sth	glamorize
glance (at sb/sth)	glance	at
glance adv./prep.	glance	adv	prep
glance at/down/over/through sth	glance	at	down	over	through
glance off (sth)	glance	off
glance on/off sth	glance	on	off
glare (at sb/sth)	glare	at
glass sb	glass
glass sth in/over	glass	in	over
glaze (over)	glaze	over
glaze sth	glaze
glaze sth (with sth)	glaze	with
gleam (in sth)	gleam	in
gleam (with sth)	gleam	with
glean sth (from sb/sth)	glean	from
glide adv./prep.	glide	adv	prep
glimpse (at sb/sth)	glimpse	at
glimpse (into sth)	glimpse	into
glimpse (of sb/sth)	glimpse	of
glimpse (of sth)	glimpse	of
glimpse sb/sth	glimpse
glimpse sth	glimpse
glint adv./prep.	glint	adv	prep
glitter (with sth)	glitter	with
gloat (about/at/over sth)	gloat	about	at	over
globalize (sth)	globalize
glom onto sth	glom	onto
glom sth	glom
glorify sb	glorify
glorify sth	glorify
glory in sth	glory	in
gloss (on sth)	gloss	on
gloss over sth	gloss	over
gloss sth (as sth)	gloss	as
glow (with sth)	glow	with
glow with sth	glow	with
glower (at sb/sth)	glower	at
glue A (to/onto B)	glue	A	to	onto	B
glue A and B (together)	glue	A	and	B	together
glug adv./prep.	glug	adv	prep
glug sth (down)	glug	down
glut (of sth)	glut	of
glut sth (with sth)	glut	with
gnaw at sb	gnaw	at
gnaw at/on sth	gnaw	at	on
gnaw away at/on sth	gnaw	away	at	on
gnaw sth	gnaw
gnaw through sth	gnaw	through
go (for) sth	go	for
go (from…) (to…)	go	from	to
go (like) a bomb	go	like	a	bomb
go (to sb) (for sth)	go	to	for
go (to sth) (with sb)	go	to	with
go (to) bye-byes	go	to	byebyes
go a long/some way towards doing sth	go	a	long	some	way	towards	doing
go about sth	go	about
go adv./prep.	go	adv	prep
go after sb	go	after
go after sb/sth	go	after
go against sb	go	against
go against sb/sth	go	against
go against sth	go	against
go ahead (with sth)	go	ahead	with
go all out for sth	go	all	out	for
go all out to do sth	go	all	out	to	do
go all the way (with sb)	go	all	the	way	with
go along with sb/sth	go	along	with
go and do sth	go	and	do
go ape/apeshit	go	ape	apeshit
go around/round	go	around	round
go around/round (to…)	go	around	round	to
go at sb	go	at
go at sth	go	at
go back (to sth)	go	back	to
go back (to…)	go	back	to
go back on sth	go	back	on
go back to sth	go	back	to
go before sb/sth	go	before
go beyond sth	go	beyond
go by sth	go	by
go by the name of…	go	by	the	name	of
go cap in hand (to sb)	go	cap	in	hand	to
go doing sth	go	doing
go down (from…)	go	down	from
go down (in sth)	go	down	in
go down (on sb)	go	down	on
go down (to sb)	go	down	to
go down (to…) (from…)	go	down	to	from
go down (with sb)	go	down	with
go down the tube/tubes	go	down	the	tube	tubes
go down with sth	go	down	with
go down, drop, etc. like ninepins	go	down	drop	etc	like	ninepins
go Dutch (with sb)	go	Dutch	with
go easy on sb	go	easy	on
go easy on/with sth	go	easy	on	with
go for sb	go	for
go for sb/sth	go	for
go for sth	go	for
go halves (with sb)	go	halves	with
go hat in hand (to sb)	go	hat	in	hand	to
go head to head (with sb)	go	head	to	head	with
go in for sth	go	in	for
go in with sb	go	in	with
go into detail(s)	go	into	details
go into sth	go	into
go off (on sb)	go	off	on
go off sb/sth	go	off
go off with sb	go	off	with
go off with sth	go	off	with
go on (about sb/sth)	go	on	about
go on (ahead)	go	on	ahead
go on (at sb)	go	on	at
go on (to) the offensive	go	on	to	the	offensive
go on (with sth)	go	on	with
go on (with you)	go	on	with	you
go on doing sth	go	on	doing
go on sth	go	on
go on to do sth	go	on	to	do
go on to sth	go	on	to
go one better (than sb/sth)	go	one	better	than
go out (of sth)	go	out	of
go out (together)	go	out	together
go out of sb/sth	go	out	of
go out of sth	go	out	of
go out of your way (to do sth)	go	out	of	your	way	to	do
go out to sb	go	out	to
go out with sb	go	out	with
go over (to…)	go	over	to
go over (with sb)	go	over	with
go over big (with sb)	go	over	big	with
go over sth	go	over
go over to sb/sth	go	over	to
go over to sth	go	over	to
go over/through sth with a fine-tooth/fine-toothed comb	go	over	through	with	a	finetooth	finetoothed	comb
go round (to…)	go	round	to
go sb's way	go	sbs	way
go slow (on sth)	go	slow	on
go so/as far as to…	go	so	as	far	as	to
go steady (with sb)	go	steady	with
go that…	go	that
go the (full) distance	go	the	full	distance
go the extra mile (for sb/sth)	go	the	extra	mile	for
go this/that far	go	this	that	far
go through sth	go	through
go through the motions (of doing sth)	go	through	the	motions	of	doing
go through with sth	go	through	with
go to a lot of, etc. expense	go	to	a	lot	of	etc	expense
go to any, some, great, etc. lengths (to do sth)	go	to	any	some	great	etc	lengths	to	do
go to bat for sb	go	to	bat	for
go to bed with sb	go	to	bed	with
go to do sth	go	to	do
go to earth/ground	go	to	earth	ground
go to great pains (to do sth)	go	to	great	pains	to	do
go to sb's head	go	to	sbs	head
go to sb/sth	go	to
go to sth	go	to
go to the expense of sth/of doing sth	go	to	the	expense	of	of	doing
go to the mat (with sb) (for sb/sth)	go	to	the	mat	with	for
go to the stake over/for sth	go	to	the	stake	over	for
go to town (on sth)	go	to	town	on
go to/into sth	go	to	into
go towards sth	go	towards
go up (to…)	go	up	to
go up (to…) (from…)	go	up	to	from
go with sb	go	with
go with sth	go	with
go without (sth)	go	without
go, come, etc. (right) down to the wire	go	come	etc	right	down	to	the	wire
go, etc. to extremes	go	etc	to	extremes
go, swim, etc. with/against the tide	go	swim	etc	with	against	the	tide
go/get back to basics	go	get	back	to	basics
go/put sth into reverse	go	put	into	reverse
go/run deep	go	run	deep
go/run like clockwork	go	run	like	clockwork
go/run to seed	go	run	to	seed
go/sell like hot cakes	go	sell	like	hot	cakes
go/set about your work	go	set	about	your	work
go/turn sour	go	turn	sour
go/walk down the aisle	go	walk	down	the	aisle
go/work like a dream	go	work	like	a	dream
goad sb/sth	goad
goad sb/sth into sth/into doing sth	goad	into	into	doing
goad sb↔on	goad	sb↔on
gobbet (of sth)	gobbet	of
gobble (sth)	gobble
gobble sth up/down	gobble	up	down
gobble sth↔up	gobble↔up
God rest him/her	God	rest	him	her
God rest his/her soul	God	rest	his	her	soul
god save the king/queen	god	save	the	king	queen
God's gift (to sb/sth)	Gods	gift	to
God/goodness/Heaven knows	God	goodness	Heaven	knows
God/Heaven forbid (that…)	God	Heaven	forbid	that
God/Heaven help sb	God	Heaven	help
godfather of sth	godfather	of
godsend (for sb/sth)	godsend	for
godsend (to sb/sth)	godsend	to
goggle (at sb/sth)	goggle	at
going/moving forward	going	moving	forward
golden age (of sth)	golden	age	of
good (about sth)	good	about
good (for sb/sth)	good	for
good (of sb) (to do sth)	good	of	to	do
good (to sb)	good	to
good and…	good	and
good at doing sth	good	at	doing
good at sth	good	at
good for sb	good	for
good for sth	good	for
good for sth/to do sth	good	for	to	do
good for you, sb, them, etc.	good	for	you	them	etc
good luck (with sth)	good	luck	with
good luck to sb	good	luck	to
good riddance (to sb/sth)	good	riddance	to
good sense (to do sth)	good	sense	to	do
good with sth/sb	good	with
google (sb/sth)	google
goose sb	goose
goose sth (along/up)	goose	along	up
gore sb/sth	gore
gorge (yourself) (on sth)	gorge	yourself	on
gossip about sb/sth	gossip	about
gouge sb/sth	gouge
gouge sth (in sth)	gouge	in
gouge sth↔out (of sth)	gouge↔out	of
govern (sth)	govern
govern sth	govern
grab (at/for sb/sth)	grab	at	for
grab (sth)	grab
grab at sth	grab	at
grab for sth	grab	for
grab sb/sth	grab
grab sth	grab
grab sth from sb/sth	grab	from
grab/hit/make the headlines	grab	hit	make	the	headlines
grace sb/sth	grace
grace sb/sth with sth	grace	with
grace sth	grace
gracious (to sb)	gracious	to
grade sb/sth	grade
grade sb/sth + noun	grade	noun
grade sth (as) sth	grade	as
grade sth/sb (by/according to sth)	grade	by	according	to
grade sth/sb from… to…	grade	from	to
graduate (from sth) to sth	graduate	from	to
graduate (from…)	graduate	from
graduate (in sth)	graduate	in
graduate sb (from sth)	graduate	from
graduate sth	graduate
graft sth (on) (from sth)	graft	on	from
graft sth (onto sth)	graft	onto
graft sth (onto/to/into sth)	graft	onto	to	into
grant (sb) (that)…	grant	that
grant (to do sth)	grant	to	do
grant sb	grant
grant sb sth	grant
grant sth	grant
grant sth to sb/sth	grant	to
granted (that…)	granted	that
grapple (with sb/sth)	grapple	with
grapple sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	grapple	adv	prep
grapple to do sth	grapple	to	do
grapple with sth	grapple	with
grasp at sth	grasp	at
grasp how, why, etc…	grasp	how	why
grasp sb/sth	grasp
grasp sth	grasp
grasp that…	grasp	that
grass (on sb)	grass	on
grass sth↔over	grass↔over
grate (on sb)	grate	on
grate (with sb)	grate	with
grate sth	grate
grate sth (+ adv./prep.)	grate	adv	prep
grateful (that…)	grateful	that
grateful (to do sth)	grateful	to	do
grateful (to sb) (for sth)	grateful	to	for
gratified (at sth)	gratified	at
gratified (to find, hear, see, etc.)	gratified	to	find	hear	see	etc
gratify sb	gratify
gratify sth	gratify
gratitude (to sb) (for sth)	gratitude	to	for
gravitate to/toward(s) sb/sth	gravitate	to	towards
graze (on sth)	graze	on
graze on sth	graze	on
graze sth	graze
graze sth (on sth)	graze	on
grease sb's palm	grease	sbs	palm
grease sth	grease
great at (doing) sth	great	at	doing
great for (doing) sth	great	for	doing
great/tall oaks from little acorns grow	great	tall	oaks	from	little	acorns	grow
greed for sth	greed	for
greedy for sth	greedy	for
green sb/sth	green
green sth	green
greet sb	greet
greet sb with sth	greet	with
greet sb/sth	greet
greet sb/sth as sth	greet	as
greet sb/sth with sth	greet	with
grief (over/at sth)	grief	over	at
grievance (against sb)	grievance	against
grieve (for/over sb/sth)	grieve	for	over
grieve sb	grieve
grieve sb/sth	grieve
grill sb (about sth)	grill	about
grill sth	grill
grimace (at sb/sth)	grimace	at
grin at sb	grin	at
grin sth	grin
grind (together)	grind	together
grind sb↔down	grind	sb↔down
grind sth	grind
grind sth (down/up)	grind	down	up
grind sth (to/into sth)	grind	to	into
grind sth (together)	grind	together
grind sth in	grind	in
grind sth into sth	grind	into
grind sth↔out	grind↔out
grip (on sb/sth)	grip	on
grip (on sth)	grip	on
grip (sth)	grip
grip on to sth	grip	on	to
grip sb	grip
grip sb/sth	grip
grip sth	grip
gripe (about sb/sth)	gripe	about
grit sth	grit
groan about sth	groan	about
groan at sth	groan	at
groan under the weight of sth	groan	under	the	weight	of
groan with sth	groan	with
grok sth	grok
groom sb	groom
groom sb (for/as sth)	groom	for	as
groom sb to do sth	groom	to	do
groom sth	groom
grope (around)(for sth)	grope	aroundfor
grope adv./prep.	grope	adv	prep
grope sb	grope
gross sb out	gross	out
gross sth	gross
ground (sth)	ground
ground for sth/for doing sth	ground	for	for	doing
ground sb	ground
ground sth	ground
grounding (in sth)	grounding	in
groundswell (of sth)	groundswell	of
groundwork (for sth)	groundwork	for
group (sb/sth) together	group	together
group round/around sb/sth	group	round	around
group sb/sth (together)	group	together
group sb/sth/yourself (round/around sb/sth)	group	yourself	round	around
grouse (about sb/sth)	grouse	about
grout sth	grout
grovel (to sb) (for sth)	grovel	to	for
grovel adv./prep.	grovel	adv	prep
grow (as sth)	grow	as
grow apart (from sb)	grow	apart	from
grow away from sb	grow	away	from
grow in sth	grow	in
grow into sth	grow	into
grow on sb	grow	on
grow out of sth	grow	out	of
grow sth	grow
grow sth↔out	grow↔out
grow to do sth	grow	to	do
growl (at sb/sth)	growl	at
growl speech (at sb)	growl	speech	at
growl sth (at sb)	growl	at
growth (in/of sth)	growth	in	of
grub (around/about) (for sth)	grub	around	about	for
grub sth↔up/out	grub↔up	out
grudge (against sb)	grudge	against
grudge doing sth	grudge	doing
grudge sb sth	grudge
grudge sth	grudge
grumble (about sth)	grumble	about
grumble (at/to sb) (about/at sb/sth)	grumble	at	to	about	at
grumble (that…)	grumble	that
grumble that…	grumble	that
grunt sth	grunt
guarantee (of sth)	guarantee	of
guarantee (that…)	guarantee	that
guarantee (that)…	guarantee	that
guarantee sb sth	guarantee
guarantee sth	guarantee
guarantee sth (against sth)	guarantee	against
guarantee that…	guarantee	that
guarantee to do sth	guarantee	to	do
guard against sth	guard	against
guard sb	guard
guard sb/sth	guard
guess (about sth)	guess	about
guess (at sth)	guess	at
guess (that…)	guess	that
guess (that)…	guess	that
guess at sth	guess	at
guess sth	guess
guess what, where, etc…	guess	what	where
guess where, who, etc…	guess	where	who
guess who, where, etc…	guess	who	where
guest (on sth)	guest	on
guidance (on sth)	guidance	on
guide (to sth)	guide	to
guide sb	guide
guide sb (through sth)	guide	through
guide sb (to/through/around sth)	guide	to	through	around
guide sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	guide	adv	prep
guillotine sb	guillotine
guillotine sth	guillotine
guilt (about sth)	guilt	about
guilt sb into sth/into doing sth	guilt	into	into	doing
guilty (about sth)	guilty	about
guilty (of sth)	guilty	of
gulf (between A and B)	gulf	between	A	and	B
gulp (for sth)	gulp	for
gulp (of sth)	gulp	of
gulp (sth)	gulp
gulp sth (in)	gulp	in
gulp sth down	gulp	down
gulp sth↔back	gulp↔back
gum A to B	gum	A	to	B
gum sth (down)	gum	down
gum sth↔up	gum↔up
gun sb↔down	gun	sb↔down
gun sth + adv./prep.	gun	adv	prep
gush (of sth)	gush	of
gush out of/from/into sth	gush	out	of	from	into
gush out/in	gush	out	in
gush sth	gush
gut sth	gut
guzzle (sth)	guzzle
gyp sb	gyp
gyrate sth	gyrate
habituated (to sth)	habituated	to
hack adv./prep.	hack	adv	prep
hack into sth	hack	into
hack sb/sth + adv./prep.	hack	adv	prep
hack sth	hack
had better/best (do sth)	had	better	best	do
haemorrhage (of sb/sth)	haemorrhage	of
haemorrhage sb/sth	haemorrhage
haggle (with sb) (over sth)	haggle	with	over
hail from…	hail	from
hail sb	hail
hail sb/sth + noun	hail	noun
hail sb/sth as sth	hail	as
hail sth	hail
half a minute, second, etc.	half	a	minute	second	etc
half as many, much, etc. again	half	as	many	much	etc	again
half past one, two, etc.	half	past	one	two	etc
halfway to/towards doing sth	halfway	to	towards	doing
halfway to/towards sth	halfway	to	towards
hallmark sth	hallmark
halloo (sb)	halloo
halt sb/sth	halt
halve sth	halve
hammer away at sth	hammer	away	at
hammer out sth	hammer	out
hammer sb	hammer
hammer sth	hammer
hammer sth (+ adv./prep.)	hammer	adv	prep
hammer sth (in/into/onto sth)	hammer	in	into	onto
hammer sth + adj.	hammer	adj
hammer sth into sb	hammer	into
hammer sth↔home	hammer↔home
hamper sb/sth	hamper
hamstring sb/sth	hamstring
hand in glove (with sb)	hand	in	glove	with
hand in sth	hand	in
hand over (to sb)	hand	over	to
hand sb over to sb	hand	over	to
hand sb sth	hand
hand sb/sth↔over (to sb)	hand	sb↔over	to
hand sb↔off	hand	sb↔off
hand sth back (to sb)	hand	back	to
hand sth to sb	hand	to
hand sth to sb on a plate	hand	to	on	a	plate
hand sth↔around/round	hand↔around	round
hand sth↔down (to sb)	hand↔down	to
hand sth↔in (to sb)	hand↔in	to
hand sth↔on (to sb)	hand↔on	to
hand sth↔out (to sb)	hand↔out	to
hand sth↔over (to sb)	hand↔over	to
handcuff sb	handcuff
handful (of sb/sth)	handful	of
handful (of sth)	handful	of
handicap sb/sth	handicap
handle sth	handle
handle sth/sb	handle
handle/treat, etc. sb with kid gloves	handle	treat	etc	with	kid	gloves
handy (for sth/for doing sth)	handy	for	for	doing
hang (on) in there	hang	on	in	there
hang (sb/yourself)	hang	yourself
hang (sth)	hang
hang a left/right	hang	a	left	right
hang about with sb	hang	about	with
hang adv./prep.	hang	adv	prep
hang around (…)	hang	around
hang around with sb	hang	around	with
hang back (from sth)	hang	back	from
hang by a hair/thread	hang	by	a	hair	thread
hang on sb's words/on sb's every word	hang	on	sbs	words	on	sbs	every	word
hang on sth	hang	on
hang on to sth	hang	on	to
hang over sb	hang	over
hang sth	hang
hang sth (out)	hang	out
hang sth + adv./prep.	hang	adv	prep
hang sth up	hang	up
hang sth with sth	hang	with
hang sth↔out	hang↔out
hang sth↔up	hang↔up
hang up on sb	hang	up	on
hang with sb	hang	with
hang-up (about sth)	hangup	about
hang/hold fire	hang	hold	fire
hang/hold on for/like grim death	hang	hold	on	for	like	grim	death
hang/lie heavy	hang	lie	heavy
hang/stay loose	hang	stay	loose
hangover (from sth)	hangover	from
hanker after/for sth	hanker	after	for
hanker to do sth	hanker	to	do
hankering (for/after sth)	hankering	for	after
hankering (to do sth)	hankering	to	do
happen on sth	happen	on
happen to be/do sth	happen	to	be	do
happen to sb/sth	happen	to
happy (about sb/sth)	happy	about
happy (that)…	happy	that
happy (with sb/sth)	happy	with
happy for sb	happy	for
happy to do sth	happy	to	do
harangue sb	harangue
harass sb	harass
harass sb/sth	harass
harbinger (of sth)	harbinger	of
harbour sb	harbour
harbour sth	harbour
hard for sb (to do sth)	hard	for	to	do
hard luck/lines	hard	luck	lines
hard on sth	hard	on
hard to do sth	hard	to	do
hard up (for sth)	hard	up	for
hard-code sth	hardcode
hard-pressed to do sth	hardpressed	to	do
harden sb/sth/yourself	harden	yourself
harden sth	harden
Hardin, John (Wesley)	Hardin	John	Wesley
hare adv./prep.	hare	adv	prep
hark at sb	hark	at
hark back (to sth)	hark	back	to
harm sb/sth	harm
harmful to sb/sth	harmful	to
harmless (to sb/sth)	harmless	to
harmonize (with sb/sth)	harmonize	with
harmonize (with sth)	harmonize	with
harmonize sth	harmonize
harness sth	harness
harness sth to sth	harness	to
harp on (about sth)	harp	on	about
harp on sth	harp	on
harpoon sth	harpoon
harrow sth	harrow
harry sb	harry
harry sb/sth	harry
harvest (sth)	harvest
harvest sth	harvest
hash sth↔out	hash↔out
hassle sb (for sth/to do sth)	hassle	for	to	do
hasten adv./prep.	hasten	adv	prep
hasten sth	hasten
hasten to do sth	hasten	to	do
hasty in doing sth	hasty	in	doing
hatch (out)	hatch	out
hatch sth	hatch
hatch sth (up)	hatch	up
hatchet job (on sb/sth)	hatchet	job	on
hate doing sth	hate	doing
hate sb's guts	hate	sbs	guts
hate sb/sth doing sth	hate	doing
hate sb/sth to do sth	hate	to	do
hate sb/yourself	hate	yourself
hate sb/yourself for sth/for doing sth	hate	yourself	for	for	doing
hate sth	hate
hate to do sth	hate	to	do
hate, be sick of, etc. the sight of sb/sth	hate	be	sick	of	etc	the	sight	of
hateful to sb	hateful	to
hatred (for/of sb/sth)	hatred	for	of
hatred (towards sb)	hatred	towards
hats off to sb	hats	off	to
haul sb (up) before sb/sth	haul	up	before
haul sb + adv./prep.	haul	adv	prep
haul sb over the coals	haul	over	the	coals
haul sth/sb	haul
haul sth/sb + adv./prep.	haul	adv	prep
haul yourself up/out of, etc.	haul	yourself	up	out	of	etc
haunt sb	haunt
haunt sth/sb	haunt
have (got) eyes like a hawk	have	got	eyes	like	a	hawk
have (got) it made	have	got	it	made
have (got) it/that coming (to you)	have	got	it	that	coming	to	you
have (got) nothing on sb/sth	have	got	nothing	on
have (got) sb's back	have	got	sbs	back
have (got) sb's number	have	got	sbs	number
have (got) sb/sth taped	have	got	taped
have (got) something, nothing, a lot, etc. to do with sb/sth	have	got	something	nothing	a	lot	etc	to	do	with
have (got) sth against sb/sth	have	got	against
have (got) sth in	have	got	in
have (got) sth on	have	got	on
have (got) sth on sb	have	got	on
have (got) to hand it to sb	have	got	to	hand	it	to
have (got) what it takes	have	got	what	it	takes
have a (good) laugh (about sth)	have	a	good	laugh	about
have a (good) sniff around	have	a	good	sniff	around
have a (hard/difficult) job doing/to do sth	have	a	hard	difficult	job	doing	to	do
have a (heavy) cross to bear	have	a	heavy	cross	to	bear
have a bash (at sth)	have	a	bash	at
have a bee in your bonnet (about sth)	have	a	bee	in	your	bonnet	about
have a bone to pick with sb	have	a	bone	to	pick	with
have a chip on your shoulder (about sth)	have	a	chip	on	your	shoulder	about
have a claim on sb	have	a	claim	on
have a dekko (at sth)	have	a	dekko	at
have a down on sb/sth	have	a	down	on
have a feel for sth	have	a	feel	for
have a go (at sth/at doing sth)	have	a	go	at	at	doing
have a go at sb	have	a	go	at
have a good mind to do sth	have	a	good	mind	to	do
have a good, bad, high, low, etc. opinion of sb/sth	have	a	good	bad	high	low	etc	opinion	of
have a good/bad night	have	a	good	bad	night
have a head for sth	have	a	head	for
have a lot of time for sb/sth	have	a	lot	of	time	for
have a memory/mind like a sieve	have	a	memory	mind	like	a	sieve
have a nodding acquaintance with sb/sth	have	a	nodding	acquaintance	with
have a part to play (in sth)	have	a	part	to	play	in
have a play (with sth)	have	a	play	with
have a problem with sth	have	a	problem	with
have a rough/an easy ride	have	a	rough	an	easy	ride
have a shufti (at sth)	have	a	shufti	at
have a soft spot for sb/sth	have	a	soft	spot	for
have a thin time (of it)	have	a	thin	time	of	it
have a thing about sb/sth	have	a	thing	about
have a think (about sth)	have	a	think	about
have a trick, some more tricks, etc. up your sleeve	have	a	trick	some	more	tricks	etc	up	your	sleeve
have a way of doing sth	have	a	way	of	doing
have a way with sb/sth	have	a	way	with
have a word in sb's ear	have	a	word	in	sbs	ear
have an early/a late night	have	an	early	a	late	night
have an easy time (of it)	have	an	easy	time	of	it
have an even chance (of doing sth)	have	an	even	chance	of	doing
have an eye for sth	have	an	eye	for
have an in with sb	have	an	in	with
have another string/more strings to your bow	have	another	string	more	strings	to	your	bow
have been around the block (a few times)	have	been	around	the	block	a	few	times
have bigger/other fish to fry	have	bigger	other	fish	to	fry
have butterflies (in your stomach)	have	butterflies	in	your	stomach
have designs on sb	have	designs	on
have designs on sth	have	designs	on
have done with sth	have	done	with
have egg on/all over your face	have	egg	on	all	over	your	face
have enough/a lot/too much on your plate	have	enough	a	lot	too	much	on	your	plate
have first call (on sb/sth)	have	first	call	on
have got sb under your skin	have	got	under	your	skin
have had a bellyful of sb/sth	have	had	a	bellyful	of
have had enough (of sth/sb)	have	had	enough	of
have half a mind to do sth	have	half	a	mind	to	do
have it (that…)	have	it	that
have it in for sb	have	it	in	for
have it in mind to do sth	have	it	in	mind	to	do
have it in you (to do sth)	have	it	in	you	to	do
have it off/away (with sb)	have	it	off	away	with
have it/things/everything your own way	have	it	things	everything	your	own	way
have its/their/your uses	have	its	their	your	uses
have its/your moments	have	its	your	moments
have money, time, etc. to play with	have	money	time	etc	to	play	with
have no business doing sth	have	no	business	doing
have no business to do sth	have	no	business	to	do
have no stomach for sth	have	no	stomach	for
have no time for sb/sth	have	no	time	for
have no use for sb	have	no	use	for
have no use for sth	have	no	use	for
have nothing on sb	have	nothing	on
have one eye/half an eye on sth	have	one	eye	half	an	eye	on
have regard to sth	have	regard	to
have sb	have
have sb + adv./prep.	have	adv	prep
have sb as sth	have	as
have sb do sth	have	do
have sb in the palm of your hand	have	in	the	palm	of	your	hand
have sb in your pocket	have	in	your	pocket
have sb on	have	on
have sb to thank (for sth)	have	to	thank	for
have sb up (for sth)	have	up	for
have sb with you	have	with	you
have sb's blood on your hands	have	sbs	blood	on	your	hands
have sb's ear	have	sbs	ear
have sb's guts for garters	have	sbs	guts	for	garters
have sb's interests at heart	have	sbs	interests	at	heart
have sb/sth	have
have sb/sth + adj.	have	adj
have sb/sth + adv./prep.	have	adv	prep
have sb/sth doing sth	have	doing
have sb/sth in mind (for sth)	have	in	mind	for
have sb↔back	have	sb↔back
have seen/known better days	have	seen	known	better	days
have several, etc. irons in the fire	have	several	etc	irons	in	the	fire
have something, nothing, etc. to say for yourself	have	something	nothing	etc	to	say	for	yourself
have something/a lot on the ball	have	something	a	lot	on	the	ball
have sth	have
have sth + adj.	have	adj
have sth + adv./prep.	have	adv	prep
have sth at your fingertips	have	at	your	fingertips
have sth back	have	back
have sth coming out of your ears	have	coming	out	of	your	ears
have sth doing sth	have	doing
have sth done	have	done
have sth in common (with sb)	have	in	common	with
have sth in common (with sth)	have	in	common	with
have sth in your pocket	have	in	your	pocket
have sth on good authority	have	on	good	authority
have sth on the brain	have	on	the	brain
have sth on the go	have	on	the	go
have sth on your side	have	on	your	side
have sth out	have	out
have sth out (with sb)	have	out	with
have sth to do	have	to	do
have sth to do sth	have	to	do
have sth to offer	have	to	offer
have sth to your credit	have	to	your	credit
have sth under your belt	have	under	your	belt
have sth/sb written all over it/sb	have	written	all	over	it
have the (good) grace to do sth	have	the	good	grace	to	do
have the courtesy to do sth	have	the	courtesy	to	do
have the ear of sb	have	the	ear	of
have the face to do sth	have	the	face	to	do
have the honour of sth/of doing sth	have	the	honour	of	of	doing
have the makings of sth	have	the	makings	of
have you heard the one about…?	have	you	heard	the	one	about?
have your (wicked) way with sb	have	your	wicked	way	with
have your doubts (about sth)	have	your	doubts	about
have your eye on sb	have	your	eye	on
have your eye on sth	have	your	eye	on
have your head screwed on (the right way)	have	your	head	screwed	on	the	right	way
have your heart set on sth	have	your	heart	set	on
have your nose in sth	have	your	nose	in
have your/sb's name on it	have	your	sbs	name	on	it
have, etc. a frog in your throat	have	etc	a	frog	in	your	throat
have, etc. a lump in your throat	have	etc	a	lump	in	your	throat
have, etc. sth in view	have	etc	in	view
have, etc. your fingers in the till	have	etc	your	fingers	in	the	till
have/be on a short fuse	have	be	on	a	short	fuse
have/exchange words (with sb) (about sth)	have	exchange	words	with	about
have/get an eyeful (of sth)	have	get	an	eyeful	of
have/get the best of sth	have	get	the	best	of
have/give sb a bumpy ride	have	give	a	bumpy	ride
have/hold, etc. the whip hand (over sb/sth)	have	hold	etc	the	whip	hand	over
have/keep a foot in both camps	have	keep	a	foot	in	both	camps
have/keep an open mind (about/on sth)	have	keep	an	open	mind	about	on
have/keep sth up your sleeve	have	keep	up	your	sleeve
have/keep your feet on the ground	have	keep	your	feet	on	the	ground
have/keep your finger on the pulse (of sth)	have	keep	your	finger	on	the	pulse	of
have/keep your wits about you	have	keep	your	wits	about	you
have/know all the answers	have	know	all	the	answers
have/know sth off pat	have	know	off	pat
have/lack the courage of your convictions	have	lack	the	courage	of	your	convictions
have/play a part (in sth)	have	play	a	part	in
have/play/take/want no part in/of sth	have	play	take	want	no	part	in	of
have/take a butcher's	have	take	a	butchers
have/take a gander (at sth)	have	take	a	gander	at
have/take a pop (at sb)	have	take	a	pop	at
have/tan sb's hide	have	tan	sbs	hide
have/throw a fit	have	throw	a	fit
have/want it both ways	have	want	it	both	ways
have/want no truck with sb/sth	have	want	no	truck	with
have/want none of sth	have	want	none	of
hawk (sth)	hawk
hawk sth	hawk
hazard (of sth/of doing sth)	hazard	of	of	doing
hazard (to sb/sth)	hazard	to
hazard sth	hazard
hazard that…	hazard	that
haze (sth)	haze
haze sb	haze
he who hesitates (is lost)	he	who	hesitates	is	lost
he, she, etc. doesn't miss a trick	he	she	etc	doesnt	miss	a	trick
head (of sth)	head	of
head adv./prep.	head	adv	prep
head of sth	head	of
head sb↔off	head	sb↔off
head start (on/over sb)	head	start	on	over
head sth	head
head sth↔off	head↔off
head sth↔up	head↔up
headbutt sb	headbutt
headhunt sb	headhunt
headline (sth)	headline
headline sth + noun	headline	noun
heads will roll (for sth)	heads	will	roll	for
heads-up (about sth)	headsup	about
headship (of sth)	headship	of
heal (sth)	heal
heal sb (of sth)	heal	of
heal sth	heal
heap (of sth)	heap	of
heap A on B	heap	A	on	B
heap sth (up)	heap	up
heaps better, more, older, etc.	heaps	better	more	older	etc
hear (that)…	hear	that
hear about sb/sth	hear	about
hear from sb	hear	from
hear it said (that)…	hear	it	said	that
hear of sb/sth	hear	of
hear sb doing sth	hear	doing
hear sb out	hear	out
hear sb/sth do sth	hear	do
hear sb/sth doing sth	hear	doing
hear sb/sth/yourself do sth	hear	yourself	do
hear sth	hear
hear sth from sb	hear	from
hear sth of sb/sth	hear	of
hear sth/sb	hear
hear tell (of sth)	hear	tell	of
hear what, how, etc…	hear	what	how
hear what…	hear	what
hear/see the last of sb/sth	hear	see	the	last	of
hearken (to sb/sth)	hearken	to
heart (of sth)	heart	of
hearten sb	hearten
heat (sth)	heat
heat sth↔up	heat↔up
heave adv./prep.	heave	adv	prep
heave into sight/view	heave	into	sight	view
heave sth/sb/yourself + adv./prep.	heave	yourself	adv	prep
heave with sth	heave	with
Heaven/God forfend (that)…	Heaven	God	forfend	that
heaving (with sb/sth)	heaving	with
heavy (on/in sth)	heavy	on	in
heavy on sb/sth	heavy	on
heavy on sth	heavy	on
heavy with sth	heavy	with
heckle (sb)	heckle
hector sb	hector
hedge against sth	hedge	against
hedge sb/sth (about/around) (with sth)	hedge	about	around	with
hedge sb/sth↔in	hedge	sb↔in
hedge sth	hedge
heed sb/sth	heed
heedful (of sb/sth)	heedful	of
heedless (of sb/sth)	heedless	of
heel (over)	heel	over
heel sth	heel
heft sth	heft
heft sth (+ adv./prep.)	heft	adv	prep
height of sth	height	of
heighten sth	heighten
heir (of sb)	heir	of
heir (to sth)	heir	to
heir apparent (to sth)	heir	apparent	to
heiress (to sth)	heiress	to
heist sth	heist
hell hath no fury (like a woman scorned)	hell	hath	no	fury	like	a	woman	scorned
hell-bent on sth/on doing sth	hellbent	on	on	doing
help (sb) in doing sth	help	in	doing
help (to) do sth	help	to	do
help (with sth)	help	with
help in doing sth	help	in	doing
help sb	help
help sb (to) do sth	help	to	do
help sb + adv./prep.	help	adv	prep
help sb off/on with sth	help	off	on	with
help sb with sth	help	with
help sb↔out	help	sb↔out
help sth	help
help with sth	help	with
help yourself to sth	help	yourself	to
help yourself/sb to sth	help	yourself	to
helpful (for sb) (to do sth)	helpful	for	to	do
helpful in doing sth	helpful	in	doing
helpful to sb	helpful	to
helping (of sth)	helping	of
helpless with sth	helpless	with
hem sb/sth↔in	hem	sb↔in
hem sth	hem
herald sb/sth (as sth)	herald	as
herald sth	herald
herd adv./prep.	herd	adv	prep
herd sb/sth + adv./prep.	herd	adv	prep
herd sth	herd
here to do sth	here	to	do
here's to sb/sth	heres	to
hero-worship sb	heroworship
hesitant about sth	hesitant	about
hesitant to do sth	hesitant	to	do
hesitate about/over sth	hesitate	about	over
hesitate to do sth	hesitate	to	do
het up (about/over sth)	het	up	about	over
hew sth	hew
hew sth (out of sth)	hew	out	of
hex sb	hex
hide adv./prep.	hide	adv	prep
hide sb/sth	hide
hide sb/sth from sth	hide	from
hide sth	hide
hide sth + adv./prep.	hide	adv	prep
hide yourself (+ adv.prep.)	hide	yourself	advprep
hie adv./prep.	hie	adv	prep
high (in sth)	high	in
high (on sth)	high	on
high road (to sth)	high	road	to
highball adv./prep.	highball	adv	prep
highball sth	highball
highlight sth	highlight
hijack sth	hijack
hike in sth	hike	in
hike sth	hike
hike sth (up)	hike	up
hike sth↔up	hike↔up
hinder sb/sth	hinder
hinder sb/sth from sth/from doing sth	hinder	from	from	doing
hindrance to sth/sb	hindrance	to
hinge how, what, etc…	hinge	how	what
hinge on/upon sth	hinge	on	upon
hinge sth	hinge
hint (of sth)	hint	of
hint (on sth)	hint	on
hint (that)…	hint	that
hint at sth	hint	at
hire (sb)	hire
hire sb/sth	hire
hire sth	hire
hire sth↔out	hire↔out
hire yourself out (to sb)	hire	yourself	out	to
his/her last/dying breath	his	her	last	dying	breath
hiss (at sb/sth)	hiss	at
hiss (sb/sth + adv./prep.)	hiss	adv	prep
hiss (sb/sth)	hiss
hiss at sb	hiss	at
history (of sth)	history	of
hit (it) big	hit	it	big
hit (sb/sth)	hit
hit a/the wall	hit	a	the	wall
hit back (at sb/sth)	hit	back	at
hit it off (with sb)	hit	it	off	with
hit on sb	hit	on
hit on/upon sth	hit	on	upon
hit out (at sb/sth)	hit	out	at
hit sb	hit
hit sb (straight/right) in the eye	hit	straight	right	in	the	eye
hit sb for sth	hit	for
hit sb up for sth	hit	up	for
hit sb when they're down	hit	when	theyre	down
hit sb where it hurts	hit	where	it	hurts
hit sb with sth	hit	with
hit sb/sth	hit
hit sb/sth with sth	hit	with
hit sth	hit
hit sth (+ adv./prep.)	hit	adv	prep
hit sth (on/against sth)	hit	on	against
hit sth/sb	hit
hit the ceiling/roof	hit	the	ceiling	roof
hit the hay/sack	hit	the	hay	sack
hit the road/trail	hit	the	road	trail
hit the shops/stores	hit	the	shops	stores
hit/knock sb for six	hit	knock	for	six
hit/miss the mark	hit	miss	the	mark
hit/strike home	hit	strike	home
hit/strike pay dirt	hit	strike	pay	dirt
hit/strike the right/wrong note	hit	strike	the	right	wrong	note
hit/touch a (raw/sensitive) nerve	hit	touch	a	raw	sensitive	nerve
hitch adv./prep.	hitch	adv	prep
hitch sth	hitch
hitch sth (to sth)	hitch	to
hitch sth (up)	hitch	up
hitch yourself (up, etc.)	hitch	yourself	up	etc
hive sth↔off (to/into sth)	hive↔off	to	into
hoard (of sth)	hoard	of
hoard (sth)	hoard
hoax sb	hoax
hobble adv./prep.	hobble	adv	prep
hobble sth	hobble
hobnob (with sb)	hobnob	with
hock sth	hock
hoe (sth)	hoe
hog sth	hog
hoick sth (+ adv./prep.)	hoick	adv	prep
hoist sth (+ adv./prep.)	hoist	adv	prep
hold (on/over sb/sth)	hold	on	over
hold back (from doing sth)	hold	back	from	doing
hold court (with sb)	hold	court	with
hold doing sth	hold	doing
hold fast to sth	hold	fast	to
hold firm (to sth)	hold	firm	to
hold no brief for sb/sth	hold	no	brief	for
hold on (to sth/sb)	hold	on	to
hold on to sth	hold	on	to
hold on to sth/sb	hold	on	to
hold onto sth	hold	onto
hold out for sth	hold	out	for
hold out little, etc. hope (of sth/that…)	hold	out	little	etc	hope	of	that
hold out on sb	hold	out	on
hold out sth	hold	out
hold sb	hold
hold sb + noun	hold	noun
hold sb back (from doing sth)	hold	back	from	doing
hold sb to ransom	hold	to	ransom
hold sb to sth	hold	to
hold sb's hand	hold	sbs	hand
hold sb/sth	hold
hold sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	hold	adv	prep
hold sb/sth + adj.	hold	adj
hold sb/sth + adv./prep./adj.	hold	adv	prep	adj
hold sb/sth dear	hold	dear
hold sb/sth↔back	hold	sb↔back
hold sb/sth↔off	hold	sb↔off
hold sb/sth↔up	hold	sb↔up
hold sb↔down	hold	sb↔down
hold sth	hold
hold sth (+ adv./prep.)	hold	adv	prep
hold sth (at sth)	hold	at
hold sth + adj.	hold	adj
hold sth against sb	hold	against
hold sth over sb	hold	over
hold sth↔back	hold↔back
hold sth↔down	hold↔down
hold sth↔in	hold↔in
hold sth↔on	hold↔on
hold sth↔out	hold↔out
hold sth↔over	hold↔over
hold sth↔together	hold↔together
hold that…	hold	that
hold up sth	hold	up
hold with sth	hold	with
hold your own (against sb/sth) (in sth)	hold	your	own	against	in
hold your peace/tongue	hold	your	peace	tongue
hold your tongue/peace	hold	your	tongue	peace
hold/keep sb/sth at bay	hold	keep	at	bay
hold/keep sth in check	hold	keep	in	check
hold/keep/play your cards close to your chest	hold	keep	play	your	cards	close	to	your	chest
hold/put a gun to sb's head	hold	put	a	gun	to	sbs	head
hold/stand your ground	hold	stand	your	ground
holding (in sth)	holding	in
hole (out)	hole	out
hole sth	hole
holiday adv./prep.	holiday	adv	prep
holler (at sb)	holler	at
holler sth	holler
hollow sth	hollow
hollow sth↔out	hollow↔out
holster sth	holster
homage (to sb/sth)	homage	to
home in on sth	home	in	on
homeschool sb	homeschool
homologous (with sth)	homologous	with
hone sth	hone
hone sth (to sth)	hone	to
hone sth to sth	hone	to
honest (about sth)	honest	about
honest (with sb)	honest	with
honest to God/goodness	honest	to	God	goodness
honeycombed (with sth)	honeycombed	with
honeymoon adv./prep.	honeymoon	adv	prep
honk at sb/sth	honk	at
honk sth	honk
honour sb (with sth)	honour	with
honour sb/sth (with sth) (for sth)	honour	with	for
honour sth	honour
honour to sth/sb	honour	to
hoodwink sb (into doing sth)	hoodwink	into	doing
hoof sth	hoof
hook adv./prep.	hook	adv	prep
hook sb up with sb/sth	hook	up	with
hook sb/sth↔up (to sth)	hook	sb↔up	to
hook sth	hook
hook sth + adv./prep.	hook	adv	prep
hook up (to sth)	hook	up	to
hook up with sb	hook	up	with
hooked (on sth)	hooked	on
hoot at sb/sth	hoot	at
hoot sth	hoot
hoover (sth)	hoover
hoover sth↔up	hoover↔up
hop (from sth to sth)	hop	from	to
hop adv./prep.	hop	adv	prep
hope (for sb)	hope	for
hope (for sb/sth)	hope	for
hope (for sth)	hope	for
hope (of doing sth)	hope	of	doing
hope (of sth)	hope	of
hope (of/for sth)	hope	of	for
hope (that…)	hope	that
hope (that)…	hope	that
hope against hope (that…)	hope	against	hope	that
hope to do sth	hope	to	do
hopeful (about sth)	hopeful	about
hopeful (of doing sth)	hopeful	of	doing
hopeful (that…)	hopeful	that
hopeless at sth	hopeless	at
horn in (on sb/sth)	horn	in	on
horrify sb	horrify
horror of doing sth	horror	of	doing
horror of sth	horror	of
horse about/around	horse	about	around
horsewhip sb	horsewhip
hose sth	hose
hose sth↔down	hose↔down
hospitable (to/towards sb)	hospitable	to	towards
hospitalize sb	hospitalize
host of sb/sth	host	of
host sth	host
hostile (to sth)	hostile	to
hostile to/towards sb/sth	hostile	to	towards
hostility (between A and B)	hostility	between	A	and	B
hostility (to/towards sb/sth)	hostility	to	towards
hostility (to/towards sth)	hostility	to	towards
hot at/on sth	hot	at	on
hot on sb's/sth's heels	hot	on	sbss	heels
hot on sb's/sth's tracks/trail	hot	on	sbss	tracks	trail
hot on sth	hot	on
hot stuff (at sth)	hot	stuff	at
hot-wire sth	hotwire
hotbed of sth	hotbed	of
hound sb	hound
hound sb from sth	hound	from
hound sb out (of sth)	hound	out	of
house sb	house
house sth	house
hover adv./prep.	hover	adv	prep
how about…?	how	about?
how are you, etc. fixed (for sth)?	how	are	you	etc	fixed	for?
how can/could you!	how	can	could	you!
how come (…)?	how	come	?
how dare you, etc.	how	dare	you	etc
how does…grab you?	how	doesgrab	you?
how selfish, stupid, ungrateful, etc. can you get?	how	selfish	stupid	ungrateful	etc	can	you	get?
how, why, etc. in the world	how	why	etc	in	the	world
how, why, where, who, etc. on earth	how	why	where	who	etc	on	earth
how/what about…?	how	what	about?
howl (in/with sth)	howl	in	with
howl sb↔down	howl	sb↔down
howl sth	howl
hub (of sth)	hub	of
huddle (up) (+ adv./prep.)	huddle	up	adv	prep
huddle (up/together) (+ adv./prep.)	huddle	up	together	adv	prep
hug (sb)	hug
hug sth	hug
hull sth	hull
hum (of sth)	hum	of
hum sth	hum
humanize sth	humanize
humble sb	humble
humiliate sb/yourself/sth	humiliate	yourself
humour sb	humour
hump sb	hump
hump sth (+ adv./prep.)	hump	adv	prep
hunch adv./prep.	hunch	adv	prep
hunch sth	hunch
hung up (on/about sth/sb)	hung	up	on	about
hunger (for sth)	hunger	for
hunger for/after sth/sb	hunger	for	after
hungry (for sth)	hungry	for
hunt (for sb/sth)	hunt	for
hunt (sth)	hunt
hunt for sb	hunt	for
hunt for sth	hunt	for
hunt sb	hunt
hunt sb↔down	hunt	sb↔down
hunt sth	hunt
hunt sth↔down/out	hunt↔down	out
hurdle over sth	hurdle	over
hurdle sth	hurdle
hurl sth/sb + adv./prep.	hurl	adv	prep
hurry adv./prep.	hurry	adv	prep
hurry sb	hurry
hurry sb into doing sth	hurry	into	doing
hurry sb/sth↔up	hurry	sb↔up
hurry sth	hurry
hurry sth + adv./prep.	hurry	adv	prep
hurry up (with sth)	hurry	up	with
hurt (sb/sth/yourself)	hurt	yourself
hurt sb/sth	hurt
hurtful to sb	hurtful	to
hurtle adv./prep.	hurtle	adv	prep
husband sth	husband
hush sb/sth	hush
hush sth↔up	hush↔up
husk sth	husk
hustle (sth)	hustle
hustle sb (into sth)	hustle	into
hustle sb + adv./prep.	hustle	adv	prep
hybrid (between/of A and B)	hybrid	between	of	A	and	B
hybridize (sth)	hybridize
hydrate sth	hydrate
hype sth	hype
hype sth up	hype	up
hypersensitive (to sth)	hypersensitive	to
hyphenate sth	hyphenate
hypnotize sb	hypnotize
hypothesize (sth)	hypothesize
hypothesize that…	hypothesize	that
I (can) promise you	I	can	promise	you
I can't be fagged (to do sth)	I	cant	be	fagged	to	do
I could murder a…	I	could	murder	a
I defy you/anyone to do sth	I	defy	you	anyone	to	do
I don't blame you/her, etc. (for doing sth)	I	dont	blame	you	her	etc	for	doing
I don't know how, why, etc…	I	dont	know	how	why
I don't mind admitting, telling you…, etc.	I	dont	mind	admitting	telling	you	etc
I don't/couldn't give a monkey's	I	dont	couldnt	give	a	monkeys
I give you…	I	give	you
I should hope so/not	I	should	hope	so	not
I take my hat off to sb	I	take	my	hat	off	to
I told you (so)	I	told	you	so
I wouldn't mind sth/doing sth	I	wouldnt	mind	doing
I wouldn't put it past sb (to do sth)	I	wouldnt	put	it	past	to	do
I wouldn't say no (to sth)	I	wouldnt	say	no	to
I, etc. would just as soon do sth	I	etc	would	just	as	soon	do
I, etc. would sooner do sth (than sth else)	I	etc	would	sooner	do	than	else
I, they, etc. can't wait/can hardly wait	I	they	etc	cant	wait	can	hardly	wait
I, you, etc. can't take sb anywhere	I	you	etc	cant	take	anywhere
I, you, etc. could use sth	I	you	etc	could	use
I'll knock your block/head off!	Ill	knock	your	block	head	off!
I'll thank you for sth/to do sth	Ill	thank	you	for	to	do
I'm buggered if…	Im	buggered	if
I'm damned if…	Im	damned	if
I'm glad to say (that…)	Im	glad	to	say	that
I/I'd like to think	I	Id	like	to	think
I/I'll bet!	I	Ill	bet!
I/I'll give you that	I	Ill	give	you	that
I/I'll tell you what	I	Ill	tell	you	what
I/I'll warrant (you)	I	Ill	warrant	you
ice over/up	ice	over	up
ice sth	ice
ice sth↔over/up	ice↔over	up
idea (about sth)	idea	about
idea (for sth)	idea	for
idea (of sth)	idea	of
idea (of sth/of doing sth)	idea	of	of	doing
idea (that…)	idea	that
idea of sth/of doing sth	idea	of	of	doing
ideal (for sth)	ideal	for
ideal (of sth)	ideal	of
idealize sb/sth	idealize
ideate sth	ideate
identical to sb/sth	identical	to
identical with sb/sth	identical	with
identification (of sb) (with sb/sth)	identification	of	with
identification (with sb/sth)	identification	with
identify sb with sth	identify	with
identify sb/sth	identify
identify sb/sth (as sb/sth)	identify	as
identify sb/sth as sb/sth	identify	as
identify sth	identify
identify sth with sth	identify	with
identify what, which, etc…	identify	what	which
identify with sb	identify	with
identify yourself with sb/sth	identify	yourself	with
identity (between A and B)	identity	between	A	and	B
identity (with sb/sth)	identity	with
idle adv./prep.	idle	adv	prep
idle sb/sth	idle
idle sth (+ adv./prep.)	idle	adv	prep
idolize sb	idolize
if (my) memory serves me well, correctly, etc.	if	my	memory	serves	me	well	correctly	etc
if (the) truth be known/told	if	the	truth	be	known	told
if ever there was (one)	if	ever	there	was	one
if he's, she's, etc. a day	if	hes	shes	etc	a	day
if I was/were in your place	if	I	was	were	in	your	place
if it wasn't/weren't for…	if	it	wasnt	werent	for
if looks could kill…	if	looks	could	kill
if sb/it were to do sth…	if	it	were	to	do
if the cap fits (, wear it)	if	the	cap	fits		wear	it
if the shoe fits (, wear it)	if	the	shoe	fits		wear	it
if wishes were horses, beggars would/might ride	if	wishes	were	horses	beggars	would	might	ride
if you can't stand the heat (get out of the kitchen)	if	you	cant	stand	the	heat	get	out	of	the	kitchen
if you don't mind me/my saying so…	if	you	dont	mind	me	my	saying	so
if you must (do sth)	if	you	must	do
if/when it comes to the point	if	when	it	comes	to	the	point
if/when you think about it	if	when	you	think	about	it
ignite sth	ignite
ignorance (of/about sth)	ignorance	of	about
ignorant about sth	ignorant	about
ignorant of sth	ignorant	of
ignore sb	ignore
ignore sth	ignore
ill-disposed (towards sb)	illdisposed	towards
ill-equipped (for sth)	illequipped	for
ill-equipped (to do sth)	illequipped	to	do
ill-prepared (for sth)	illprepared	for
ill-treat sb	illtreat
illuminate sth	illuminate
illustrate how, what, etc…	illustrate	how	what
illustrate sth	illustrate
illustrate sth with sth	illustrate	with
illustrate that…	illustrate	that
imagine (sb + adj./noun)	imagine	adj	noun
imagine (that)…	imagine	that
imagine doing sth	imagine	doing
imagine sb/sth doing sth	imagine	doing
imagine sb/sth to be/do sth	imagine	to	be	do
imagine sth	imagine
imagine what, how, etc…	imagine	what	how
imagineer sth	imagineer
imbalance (between A and B)	imbalance	between	A	and	B
imbalance (in/of sth)	imbalance	in	of
imbibe (sth)	imbibe
imbibe sth	imbibe
imbue sb/sth (with sth)	imbue	with
imitate sb	imitate
imitate sb/sth	imitate
immaterial to sb/sth	immaterial	to
immerse sb/sth (in sth)	immerse	in
immerse yourself/sb in sth	immerse	yourself	in
immersion (in sth)	immersion	in
immigrate (to…) (from…)	immigrate	to	from
immobilize sth/sb	immobilize
immolate sb	immolate
immortalize sb/sth (in sth)	immortalize	in
immune (from sth)	immune	from
immune (to sth)	immune	to
immunity (against sth)	immunity	against
immunity (from sth)	immunity	from
immunity (to sth)	immunity	to
immunize sb/sth (against sth)	immunize	against
immure sb	immure
impact (of sth) (on sb/sth)	impact	of	on
impact (on/upon/with) sth	impact	on	upon	with
impact on/upon sth	impact	on	upon
impact sth	impact
impair sth	impair
impale sb/yourself on sth	impale	yourself	on
impale sth (on sth)	impale	on
impanel sb/sth	impanel
impart sth (to sb)	impart	to
impart sth (to sth)	impart	to
impatient (at sth)	impatient	at
impatient (with sb/sth)	impatient	with
impatient for sth	impatient	for
impatient of sb/sth	impatient	of
impatient to do sth	impatient	to	do
impeach sb (for sth)	impeach	for
impeach sth	impeach
impede sth	impede
impediment (to sth)	impediment	to
impel sb (to sth)	impel	to
impel sb to do sth	impel	to	do
impenetrable to sb	impenetrable	to
imperative (that…)	imperative	that
imperative (to do sth)	imperative	to	do
imperil sth/sb	imperil
impermeable (to sth)	impermeable	to
impersonate sb	impersonate
impervious to sth	impervious	to
impetus for sth	impetus	for
impetus to sth/to do sth	impetus	to	to	do
impinge (on/upon sth/sb)	impinge	on	upon
implant (in/into sth)	implant	in	into
implant sth (in/into sth)	implant	in	into
implement sth	implement
implicate sb (in sth)	implicate	in
implicate sth (in/as sth)	implicate	in	as
implication (of sb) (in sth)	implication	of	in
implication (of sth) (for sth)	implication	of	for
implicit (in sth)	implicit	in
implore (sb) + speech	implore	speech
implore sb	implore
implore sb to do sth	implore	to	do
imply (that)…	imply	that
imply sth	imply
import sth	import
import sth (from…) (into…)	import	from	into
important (to sb)	important	to
importune sb (for sth)	importune	for
importune sb to do sth	importune	to	do
impose on/upon sb/sth	impose	on	upon
impose sth (on/upon sb)	impose	on	upon
impose sth (on/upon sb/sth)	impose	on	upon
impose sth (on/upon sth/sb)	impose	on	upon
impose yourself (on/upon sb/sth)	impose	yourself	on	upon
impound sth	impound
impoverish sb	impoverish
impoverish sth	impoverish
impregnate sb/sth	impregnate
impregnate sth (with sth)	impregnate	with
impress (sb)	impress
impress sb with sth/sb	impress	with
impress sth on/upon sb	impress	on	upon
impress sth/itself on/upon sth	impress	itself	on	upon
impressed by/with sb/sth	impressed	by	with
impression (of sb)	impression	of
impression (of sb/sth)	impression	of
impression (on sb)	impression	on
impression (that…)	impression	that
imprint (of sth) (in/on sth)	imprint	of	in	on
imprint (of sth) (on sb/sth)	imprint	of	on
imprint A in/on B	imprint	A	in	on	B
imprison sb	imprison
improbable that…	improbable	that
improve on/upon sth	improve	on	upon
improve sth	improve
improvement in/on/to sth	improvement	in	on	to
improvise on sth	improvise	on
improvise sth	improvise
impugn sth	impugn
impulse (to do sth)	impulse	to	do
impute sth to sb/sth	impute	to
in … terms	in		terms
in (a) line (with sth)	in	a	line	with
in (a)… fashion	in	a	fashion
in (actual) fact	in	actual	fact
in (all) fairness (to sb)	in	all	fairness	to
in (all/good) conscience	in	all	good	conscience
in (full) bloom	in	full	bloom
in (full) spate	in	full	spate
in (good, etc.) trim	in	good	etc	trim
in (great, grand, etc.) style	in	great	grand	etc	style
in (less than/next to) no time	in	less	than	next	to	no	time
in (sb's/sth's) thrall	in	sbss	thrall
in (the) aggregate	in	the	aggregate
in (your) shirtsleeves	in	your	shirtsleeves
in a (flat) spin	in	a	flat	spin
in a (tight) spot	in	a	tight	spot
in a big/small way	in	a	big	small	way
in a good, bad, etc. state of repair	in	a	good	bad	etc	state	of	repair
in a good, bad, favourable, etc. light	in	a	good	bad	favourable	etc	light
in a hurry to do sth	in	a	hurry	to	do
in accord (with sth/sb)	in	accord	with
in accordance with sth	in	accordance	with
in addition (to sb/sth)	in	addition	to
in advance (of sth)	in	advance	of
in aid of sth/sb	in	aid	of
in all probability…	in	all	probability
in an ideal/a perfect world	in	an	ideal	a	perfect	world
in and out (of sth)	in	and	out	of
in any (way,) shape or form	in	any	way	shape	or	form
in behalf of sb	in	behalf	of
in case of sth	in	case	of
in character (with sth)	in	character	with
in common with sb/sth	in	common	with
in company with sb/sth	in	company	with
in concert with sb/sth	in	concert	with
in conformity with sth	in	conformity	with
in connection with sb/sth	in	connection	with
in consequence (of sth)	in	consequence	of
in consideration of sth	in	consideration	of
in contention (for sth)	in	contention	for
in contradistinction to sth/sb	in	contradistinction	to
in course of sth	in	course	of
in deep water(s)	in	deep	waters
in default of sth	in	default	of
in favour (of sb/sth)	in	favour	of
in fine/good fettle	in	fine	good	fettle
in full view (of sb/sth)	in	full	view	of
in God's/Heaven's name	in	Gods	Heavens	name
in good, bad, etc. repair	in	good	bad	etc	repair
in good, etc. nick	in	good	etc	nick
in harness (with sb)	in	harness	with
in her, his, its, etc. (own) way	in	her	his	its	etc	own	way
in his/her/its, etc. (infinite) wisdom	in	his	her	its	etc	infinite	wisdom
in honour of sb/sth	in	honour	of
in hot pursuit (of sb)	in	hot	pursuit	of
in isolation (from sb/sth)	in	isolation	from
in its/their entirety	in	its	their	entirety
in justification (of sb/sth)	in	justification	of
in keeping (with sth)	in	keeping	with
in league (with sb)	in	league	with
in lieu (of sth)	in	lieu	of
in line for sth	in	line	for
in line with sth	in	line	with
in memory of sb	in	memory	of
in mistake for sth	in	mistake	for
in my, your, etc. place	in	my	your	etc	place
in no hurry (to do sth)	in	no	hurry	to	do
in opposition to sb/sth	in	opposition	to
in order (to do sth)	in	order	to	do
in order to do sth	in	order	to	do
in parallel (with sth/sb)	in	parallel	with
in phase/out of phase (with sth)	in	phase	out	of	phase	with
in place of sb/sth	in	place	of
in preference to sb/sth	in	preference	to
in pursuance of sth	in	pursuance	of
in respect of sth	in	respect	of
in return (for sth)	in	return	for
in running/working order	in	running	working	order
in sb's behalf	in	sbs	behalf
in sb's capable, safe, etc. hands	in	sbs	capable	safe	etc	hands
in sb's day	in	sbs	day
in sb's employ	in	sbs	employ
in sb's eyes	in	sbs	eyes
in sb's face	in	sbs	face
in sb's favour	in	sbs	favour
in sb's hands	in	sbs	hands
in sb's keeping	in	sbs	keeping
in sb's presence	in	sbs	presence
in sb's train	in	sbs	train
in sb's trust	in	sbs	trust
in sb's/sth's honour	in	sbss	honour
in sb's/sth's name	in	sbss	name
in sb's/sth's place	in	sbss	place
in sb's/sth's stead	in	sbss	stead
in so/as far as	in	so	as	far	as
in some, equal, etc. measure	in	some	equal	etc	measure
in spite of sth	in	spite	of
in store (for sb)	in	store	for
in sympathy with sth	in	sympathy	with
in tandem (with sb/sth)	in	tandem	with
in terms of sth	in	terms	of
in the act (of doing sth)	in	the	act	of	doing
in the care of sb/in sb's care	in	the	care	of	in	sbs	care
in the dark (about sth)	in	the	dark	about
in the employ of sb	in	the	employ	of
in the event of sth	in	the	event	of
in the event that sth happens	in	the	event	that	happens
in the eyes of the law, world, etc.	in	the	eyes	of	the	law	world	etc
in the face of sth	in	the	face	of
in the final/last analysis	in	the	final	last	analysis
in the first, second, etc. place	in	the	first	second	etc	place
in the first/top flight	in	the	first	top	flight
in the front line (of sth)	in	the	front	line	of
in the grip of sth	in	the	grip	of
in the hands of sb	in	the	hands	of
in the hope of sth	in	the	hope	of
in the hope that…	in	the	hope	that
in the interest(s) of sth	in	the	interests	of
in the light of sth	in	the	light	of
in the long/short/medium term	in	the	long	short	medium	term
in the manner of sb/sth	in	the	manner	of
in the market for sth	in	the	market	for
in the midst of sth/of doing sth	in	the	midst	of	of	doing
in the name of God/Heaven	in	the	name	of	God	Heaven
in the name of sb/sth	in	the	name	of
in the nature of sth	in	the	nature	of
in the ordinary, normal, etc. course of events, things, etc.	in	the	ordinary	normal	etc	course	of	events	things	etc
in the pay of sb/sth	in	the	pay	of
in the person of sb	in	the	person	of
in the presence of sb	in	the	presence	of
in the presence of sth	in	the	presence	of
in the safe hands of sb	in	the	safe	hands	of
in the sight of sb/in sb's sight	in	the	sight	of	in	sbs	sight
in the swim (of things)	in	the	swim	of	things
in the teeth of sth	in	the	teeth	of
in the thick of sth	in	the	thick	of
in the throes of sth/of doing sth	in	the	throes	of	of	doing
in the trust of sb	in	the	trust	of
in the wake of sb/sth	in	the	wake	of
in the way of sth	in	the	way	of
in the… stakes	in	the	stakes
in the/sb's way	in	the	sbs	way
in their/our/its/your midst	in	their	our	its	your	midst
in this/that connection	in	this	that	connection
in this/that regard	in	this	that	regard
in thrall to sb/sth	in	thrall	to
in time (for sth/to do sth)	in	time	for	to	do
in unison (with sb/sth)	in	unison	with
in view of sth	in	view	of
in want of sth	in	want	of
in your (own) backyard	in	your	own	backyard
in your heart (of hearts)	in	your	heart	of	hearts
in your own (good) time	in	your	own	good	time
in your own sweet time/way	in	your	own	sweet	time	way
in your stocking(ed) feet	in	your	stockinged	feet
in… flat	in	flat
in…terms	interms
in/into the distance	in	into	the	distance
in/into the stratosphere	in	into	the	stratosphere
in/into/out of the reckoning	in	into	out	of	the	reckoning
in/like a flash	in	like	a	flash
in/out of commission	in	out	of	commission
in/out of play	in	out	of	play
in/out of pocket	in	out	of	pocket
in/out of step (with sb/sth)	in	out	of	step	with
in/out of the picture	in	out	of	the	picture
in/out of the running (for sth)	in	out	of	the	running	for
in/out of tune	in	out	of	tune
in/over the course of…	in	over	the	course	of
in/under no circumstances	in	under	no	circumstances
in/under the circumstances	in	under	the	circumstances
in/under the shadow of	in	under	the	shadow	of
in/with calf	in	with	calf
in/with reference to	in	with	reference	to
in/with regard to sb/sth	in	with	regard	to
in/within (sb's) hearing	in	within	sbs	hearing
in/within range (of sth)	in	within	range	of
inability (to do sth)	inability	to	do
inaccessible to sb/sth	inaccessible	to
inactivate sth	inactivate
inadequacy (of sth)	inadequacy	of
inadequacy (of/in sth)	inadequacy	of	in
inadequate for sth	inadequate	for
inadequate to do sth	inadequate	to	do
inadvisable (for sb) (to do sth)	inadvisable	for	to	do
inapplicable (to sb/sth)	inapplicable	to
inappropriate (for sb/sth) (to do sth)	inappropriate	for	to	do
inappropriate to/for sth	inappropriate	to	for
inattentive to sth/sb	inattentive	to
inaudible (to sb)	inaudible	to
inaugurate sb (as sth)	inaugurate	as
inaugurate sb + noun	inaugurate	noun
inaugurate sth	inaugurate
incapable of doing sth	incapable	of	doing
incapable of sth	incapable	of
incapacitate sb/sth	incapacitate
incapacity (of sb/sth) (to do sth)	incapacity	of	to	do
incarcerate sb (in sth)	incarcerate	in
incarnate sth	incarnate
incense sb	incense
incentive (for/to sb/sth) (to do sth)	incentive	for	to	to	do
incentivize sb to do sth	incentivize	to	do
incentivize sth	incentivize
inch adv./prep.	inch	adv	prep
inch sth + adv./prep.	inch	adv	prep
incidence of sth	incidence	of
incidental (to sth)	incidental	to
incidental to sth	incidental	to
incinerate sth	incinerate
incise sth (in/on/onto sth)	incise	in	on	onto
incite sb (to sth)	incite	to
incite sb to do sth	incite	to	do
incite sth	incite
incitement (to sth)	incitement	to
inclination (to do sth)	inclination	to	do
inclination (towards/for sth)	inclination	towards	for
inclination to do sth	inclination	to	do
incline (sth) (to/towards sth)	incline	to	towards
incline sb to do sth	incline	to	do
incline sb to/towards sth	incline	to	towards
incline to do sth	incline	to	do
incline to/towards sth	incline	to	towards
inclined (to do sth)	inclined	to	do
inclined to do sth	inclined	to	do
include doing sth	include	doing
include sb/sth (as/in/on sth)	include	as	in	on
include sb/sth as sth	include	as
include sth	include
inclusive of sth	inclusive	of
incommensurable (with sth)	incommensurable	with
incommensurate (with sth)	incommensurate	with
incommode sb	incommode
incompatible (with sth)	incompatible	with
incomprehensible (to sb)	incomprehensible	to
inconsistent (with sth)	inconsistent	with
inconsistent with sth	inconsistent	with
inconvenience sb	inconvenience
incorporate sth	incorporate
incorporate sth in/into/within sth	incorporate	in	into	within
increase (from A) (to B)	increase	from	A	to	B
increase (in sth)	increase	in
increase by sth	increase	by
increase in sth	increase	in
increase sth (by sth)	increase	by
increase sth (from A) (to B)	increase	from	A	to	B
increase with sth	increase	with
incriminate sb	incriminate
incubate sth	incubate
inculcate sb with sth	inculcate	with
inculcate sth (in/into sb)	inculcate	in	into
incumbent upon/on sb	incumbent	upon	on
incur sth	incur
incursion (into sth)	incursion	into
indebted (to sb) (for sth)	indebted	to	for
indemnify sb (against sth)	indemnify	against
indemnify sb (for sth)	indemnify	for
indemnity (against sth)	indemnity	against
indent (for sth)	indent	for
indent sth	indent
independence (from sb/sth)	independence	from
independent (from/of sth)	independent	from	of
independent (of sb/sth)	independent	of
independently (of sb/sth)	independently	of
index sth	index
index sth (to sth)	index	to
indicate (that…)	indicate	that
indicate (that)…	indicate	that
indicate (to sb) (that)…	indicate	to	that
indicate how much, how many, etc…	indicate	how	much	how	many
indicate how, what etc…	indicate	how	what
indicate sb/sth (to sb)	indicate	to
indicate sth	indicate
indicate sth (to sb)	indicate	to
indicate that…	indicate	that
indicate where, which, etc…	indicate	where	which
indicate whether, when, etc…	indicate	whether	when
indicate which, where, etc…	indicate	which	where
indication (of doing sth)	indication	of	doing
indication (of sth)	indication	of
indication (that…)	indication	that
indicative (of sth)	indicative	of
indict sb (for sth)	indict	for
indict sb (on charges/on a charge of sth)	indict	on	charges	on	a	charge	of
indictment (of/on sb/sth)	indictment	of	on
indifference (to sb/sth)	indifference	to
indifferent (to sb/sth)	indifferent	to
indigenous to…	indigenous	to
indignant at/about sth	indignant	at	about
indignant that…	indignant	that
indignation (at/about sth)	indignation	at	about
indignation (that…)	indignation	that
indignity (of sth/of doing sth)	indignity	of	of	doing
indispensable for sth/for doing sth	indispensable	for	for	doing
indispensable to sb/sth	indispensable	to
indisposed to do sth	indisposed	to	do
indistinguishable (from sth)	indistinguishable	from
individualize sth	individualize
individuate sb/sth	individuate
indoctrinate sb (to do sth)	indoctrinate	to	do
indoctrinate sb (with sth)	indoctrinate	with
induce sb to do sth	induce	to	do
induce sb/sth	induce
induce sth	induce
inducement (to/for sb) (to do sth)	inducement	to	for	to	do
induct sb (into sth) (as sth)	induct	into	as
induction (into sth)	induction	into
indulge in sth	indulge	in
indulge sb (with sth)	indulge	with
indulge sth	indulge
indulge yourself (with sth)	indulge	yourself	with
industrialize (sth)	industrialize
ineffective in doing sth	ineffective	in	doing
ineligible (for sth)	ineligible	for
ineligible (to do sth)	ineligible	to	do
infantilize sb	infantilize
infatuated (with sb/sth)	infatuated	with
infatuation (with/for sb/sth)	infatuation	with	for
infect sb (with sth)	infect	with
infect sb/sth	infect
infect sb/sth with sth	infect	with
infect sth (with sth)	infect	with
infer (that)…	infer	that
infer sth	infer
infer sth (from sth)	infer	from
infer that…	infer	that
inferior to sb/sth	inferior	to
infest sth	infest
infill (sth)	infill
infiltrate (into) sth	infiltrate	into
infiltrate into sth	infiltrate	into
infiltrate sb into sth	infiltrate	into
infiltrate sth	infiltrate
inflame sb/sth	inflame
inflame sth	inflame
inflate (sth)	inflate
inflate sth	inflate
inflict sth	inflict
inflict sth on/upon sb/sth	inflict	on	upon
inflict yourself/sb on sb	inflict	yourself	on
influence (on sb/sth)	influence	on
influence (on/upon sb/sth)	influence	on	upon
influence (over sb/sth)	influence	over
influence (with sb)	influence	with
influence how, where, etc…	influence	how	where
influence how, whether, etc…	influence	how	whether
influence sb to do sth	influence	to	do
influence sb/sth	influence
influence sth	influence
influential in doing sth	influential	in	doing
influential in sth	influential	in
influx (of sb/sth) (into…)	influx	of	into
inform on sb	inform	on
inform sb (of/about sth)	inform	of	about
inform sb + speech	inform	speech
inform sb that…	inform	that
inform sb when, where, etc…	inform	when	where
inform sth	inform
inform yourself (of/about sth)	inform	yourself	of	about
information (on/about sb/sth)	information	on	about
infringe on/upon sth	infringe	on	upon
infringe sth	infringe
infuriate sb	infuriate
infuse (sth)	infuse
infuse A into B	infuse	A	into	B
infuse sth	infuse
infuse sth (into sth)	infuse	into
infusion of sth (into sth)	infusion	of	into
ingest sth	ingest
ingrained (in sb/sth)	ingrained	in
ingratiate yourself (with sb)	ingratiate	yourself	with
ingredient (of/in/for sth)	ingredient	of	in	for
inhabit sth	inhabit
inhale sth	inhale
inhere in sth	inhere	in
inherent (in sb/sth)	inherent	in
inherit (sth) (from sb)	inherit	from
inherit sth (from sb)	inherit	from
inheritor of sth	inheritor	of
inhibit sb (from sth/from doing sth)	inhibit	from	from	doing
inhibit sth	inhibit
inimical to sth	inimical	to
initial sth	initial
initialize sth	initialize
initiate sb (into sth)	initiate	into
initiate sth	initiate
initiation into sth	initiation	into
inject A (with B)	inject	A	with	B
inject B (into A)	inject	B	into	A
inject sth (into sth)	inject	into
inject sth (into yourself/sb/sth)	inject	into	yourself
inject yourself/sb/sth (with sth)	inject	yourself	with
injunction against sb	injunction	against
injure sb/sth/yourself	injure	yourself
injure sth	injure
injurious (to sb/sth)	injurious	to
injury (to sb/sth)	injury	to
ink sth	ink
ink sth↔in	ink↔in
inkling (of sth)	inkling	of
inkling (that…)	inkling	that
inlaid with sth	inlaid	with
inlay A (with B)	inlay	A	with	B
inlay B (in/into A)	inlay	B	in	into	A
innocent (of sth)	innocent	of
innovate sth	innovate
innovation (in sth)	innovation	in
inoculate sb (against sth)	inoculate	against
input (into/to sth)	input	into	to
input (of sth)	input	of
input sth	input
inquest (on/into sth)	inquest	on	into
inroad (into sth)	inroad	into
inscribe A (on/in B)	inscribe	A	on	in	B
inscribe B (with A)	inscribe	B	with	A
inseminate sb/sth	inseminate
insensible (of sth)	insensible	of
insensible (to sth)	insensible	to
insensitive (to sth)	insensitive	to
insensitive to sth	insensitive	to
inseparable (from sth)	inseparable	from
insert (in sth)	insert	in
insert sth	insert
insert sth (in/into/between sth)	insert	in	into	between
insert sth into sth	insert	into
insertion (in/into sth)	insertion	in	into
inset A (with B)	inset	A	with	B
inset B (into A)	inset	B	into	A
inset sth (into sth)	inset	into
insight (into sth)	insight	into
insinuate sth	insinuate
insinuate that…	insinuate	that
insinuate yourself into sth	insinuate	yourself	into
insinuate yourself/sth + adv./prep.	insinuate	yourself	adv	prep
insist (that)…	insist	that
insist doing sth	insist	doing
insist on doing sth	insist	on	doing
insist on sth	insist	on
insist on sth/sb doing sth	insist	on	doing
insist on/upon sth	insist	on	upon
insist that…	insist	that
insistence (on sth/on doing sth)	insistence	on	on	doing
insistence (that…)	insistence	that
insistent (on sth/on doing sth)	insistent	on	on	doing
insistent (that…)	insistent	that
insoluble (in sth)	insoluble	in
inspect sth	inspect
inspect sth/sb	inspect
inspect sth/sb for sth	inspect	for
inspiration (for sth)	inspiration	for
inspiration (to do sth)	inspiration	to	do
inspiration (to/for sb)	inspiration	to	for
inspire sb (with sth)	inspire	with
inspire sb to do sth	inspire	to	do
inspire sb to sth	inspire	to
inspire sth	inspire
inspire sth (in sb)	inspire	in
install sb (as sth)	install	as
install sb/yourself (+ adv./prep.)	install	yourself	adv	prep
install sth	install
instance sth	instance
instigate sth	instigate
instigator (of sth)	instigator	of
instil sth (in/into sb)	instil	in	into
instinct (for sth/for doing sth)	instinct	for	for	doing
instinct (that…)	instinct	that
instinct (to do sth)	instinct	to	do
institute sth	institute
institutionalize sb	institutionalize
institutionalize sth	institutionalize
instruct (sb) + speech	instruct	speech
instruct sb	instruct
instruct sb (in sth)	instruct	in
instruct sb (to do sth)	instruct	to	do
instruct sb that…	instruct	that
instruct sb to do sth	instruct	to	do
instruct sb where, what, etc…	instruct	where	what
instruct that…	instruct	that
instruction (in sth)	instruction	in
instruction (that…)	instruction	that
instruction (to do sth)	instruction	to	do
instruction on how to do sth	instruction	on	how	to	do
instrument for sth/for doing sth	instrument	for	for	doing
instrument of sb/sth	instrument	of
instrument of sth	instrument	of
instrumental (in sth/in doing sth)	instrumental	in	in	doing
insufficient (for sth)	insufficient	for
insufficient (to do sth)	insufficient	to	do
insulate sb/sth from/against sth	insulate	from	against
insulate sth (from/against sth)	insulate	from	against
insult sb/sth	insult
insult to sb/sth	insult	to
insulting to sb/sth	insulting	to
insurance (against sth)	insurance	against
insure against sth	insure	against
insure sb/sth	insure
insure sth/yourself (against sth)	insure	yourself	against
insure sth/yourself (for sth)	insure	yourself	for
insured against sth	insured	against
insured to do sth	insured	to	do
integral to sth	integral	to
integrate (into/with sth)	integrate	into	with
integrate A (into/with B)	integrate	A	into	with	B
integrate A and B	integrate	A	and	B
integrate into/with sth	integrate	into	with
integrate sb (into/with sth)	integrate	into	with
intelligible (to sb)	intelligible	to
intend doing sth	intend	doing
intend sb sth	intend
intend sb/sth to do sth	intend	to	do
intend sth	intend
intend sth (as sth)	intend	as
intend sth (by sth)	intend	by
intend that…	intend	that
intend to do sth	intend	to	do
intended as sth	intended	as
intended for sb/sth	intended	for
intended to be/do sth	intended	to	be	do
intensify sth	intensify
intent (to do sth)	intent	to	do
intent on/upon doing sth	intent	on	upon	doing
intent on/upon sth	intent	on	upon
intention (of doing sth)	intention	of	doing
intention (that…)	intention	that
intention (to do sth)	intention	to	do
inter sb	inter
interact (with sb)	interact	with
interact (with sth)	interact	with
interaction (between sb/sth)	interaction	between
interaction (with sb/sth)	interaction	with
interbreed (sth) (with sth)	interbreed	with
intercede (with sb) (for/on behalf of sb)	intercede	with	for	on	behalf	of
intercept sb/sth	intercept
interchange (A) (with B)	interchange	A	with	B
interchange A and B	interchange	A	and	B
interchange sth	interchange
interchangeable with sth	interchangeable	with
interconnect (with sth)	interconnect	with
interconnect A and B	interconnect	A	and	B
interconnect A with B	interconnect	A	with	B
intercut sth (with sth)	intercut	with
interest (in sb/sth)	interest	in
interest (in sth)	interest	in
interest (on sth)	interest	on
interest sb	interest
interest sb in sth	interest	in
interest sb/yourself in sth	interest	yourself	in
interested (in doing sth)	interested	in	doing
interested (in sth/sb)	interested	in
interested (to do sth)	interested	to	do
interesting (that…)	interesting	that
interesting (to do sth)	interesting	to	do
interface (between A and B)	interface	between	A	and	B
interface (sth) (with sth)	interface	with
interface A and B	interface	A	and	B
interfere in sth	interfere	in
interfere with sb	interfere	with
interfere with sth	interfere	with
interference (in sth)	interference	in
interject (sth)	interject
interlace (sth) (with sth)	interlace	with
interleave sth (with sth)	interleave	with
interlink (sth) (with sth)	interlink	with
interlock (sth) (with sth)	interlock	with
intermarry with sb	intermarry	with
intermediary (between A and B)	intermediary	between	A	and	B
intermediate between A and B	intermediate	between	A	and	B
intermingle (with sb/sth)	intermingle	with
intermingle A and B	intermingle	A	and	B
intermingle A with B	intermingle	A	with	B
intermix (sth) (with sth)	intermix	with
intern sb (in sth)	intern	in
internalize sth	internalize
internationalize sth	internationalize
interpenetrate (sth)	interpenetrate
interplay (of/between A and B)	interplay	of	between	A	and	B
interpolate sth	interpolate
interpolate sth (into sth)	interpolate	into
interpose sb/sth (between A and B)	interpose	between	A	and	B
interpose sth	interpose
interpret (for sb)	interpret	for
interpret sth	interpret
interpret sth as sth	interpret	as
interrelate with sth	interrelate	with
interrelationship (of/between A and B)	interrelationship	of	between	A	and	B
interrogate sb	interrogate
interrogate sth	interrogate
interrupt (sb) + speech	interrupt	speech
interrupt sb/sth (with sth)	interrupt	with
interrupt sth	interrupt
interrupt with sth	interrupt	with
intersect (sth)	intersect
intersect sth (with sth)	intersect	with
intersect with sth	intersect	with
intertwine (sth)	intertwine
intertwine sth (with sth)	intertwine	with
intervene in sth	intervene	in
intervention (in sth)	intervention	in
interview (with sb)	interview	with
interview sb	interview
interview sb (about sth)	interview	about
interview sb about sth	interview	about
interweave (sth) (with sth)	interweave	with
intimate (that)…	intimate	that
intimate (with sb)	intimate	with
intimate sth (to sb)	intimate	to
intimidate sb (into sth/into doing sth)	intimidate	into	into	doing
intimidating for/to sb	intimidating	for	to
intolerant (of sb/sth)	intolerant	of
intone sth	intone
intoxicate sb	intoxicate
intoxicated (by/with sth)	intoxicated	by	with
intrigue (with sb) (against sb)	intrigue	with	against
intrigue sb	intrigue
intrigued to do sth	intrigued	to	do
intrinsic to sth	intrinsic	to
introduce A and B	introduce	A	and	B
introduce A to B (as sth)	introduce	A	to	B	as
introduce sb	introduce
introduce sb to sth	introduce	to
introduce sb/sth	introduce
introduce sth	introduce
introduce sth (into sth)	introduce	into
introduce sth (to sb)	introduce	to
introduce sth (to/into sth)	introduce	to	into
introduce sth into/to sth	introduce	into	to
introduce yourself (to sb)	introduce	yourself	to
introduction (to sb)	introduction	to
introduction (to sth)	introduction	to
intrude (on/into/upon sth)	intrude	on	into	upon
intrude into/on/upon sb/sth	intrude	into	on	upon
intrusion (into sth)	intrusion	into
intrusion (into/on/upon sth)	intrusion	into	on	upon
intrusion (on/upon sth)	intrusion	on	upon
intubate (sb/sth)	intubate
intuit sth	intuit
intuit that…	intuit	that
intuit what, why, etc…	intuit	what	why
intuition (that…)	intuition	that
inundate sb (with sth)	inundate	with
inundate sth	inundate
inure sb/yourself to sth	inure	yourself	to
invade sth	invade
invalid sb (out of sth)	invalid	out	of
invalid sb (out)	invalid	out
invalidate sth	invalidate
invaluable in sth	invaluable	in
invaluable to/for sb/sth	invaluable	to	for
inveigh against sb/sth	inveigh	against
inveigle sb/yourself (into sth/into doing sth)	inveigle	yourself	into	into	doing
invent sth	invent
inventory sth	inventory
invert sth	invert
invest (in sth)	invest	in
invest (in/on sth)	invest	in	on
invest in sth	invest	in
invest sb (as sth)	invest	as
invest sb (with sth)	invest	with
invest sb/sth with sth	invest	with
invest sth (in sth)	invest	in
invest sth (in) doing sth	invest	in	doing
invest sth (in/on sth)	invest	in	on
investigate (sth)	investigate
investigate how, what, etc…	investigate	how	what
investigate sb (for sth)	investigate	for
investigate sth	investigate
investigate what, how, etc…	investigate	what	how
investigation (into sth)	investigation	into
investigation into sth	investigation	into
investment in sth	investment	in
invigilate (sth)	invigilate
invigorate sb	invigorate
invigorate sth	invigorate
invisible to sb/sth	invisible	to
invitation to do sth	invitation	to	do
invitation to sb (to do sth)	invitation	to	to	do
invitation to sth	invitation	to
invite sb	invite
invite sb (to/for sth)	invite	to	for
invite sb along	invite	along
invite sb back	invite	back
invite sb in/up	invite	in	up
invite sb over/round/around	invite	over	round	around
invite sb to do sth	invite	to	do
invite sb to sth	invite	to
invite sb/sth to do sth	invite	to	do
invite sth	invite
invite sth (from sb)	invite	from
invoice sb (for sth)	invoice	for
invoice sth (to sb/sth)	invoice	to
invoke sb	invoke
invoke sb/sth	invoke
invoke sth	invoke
invoke sth (against sb)	invoke	against
involve doing sth	involve	doing
involve sb (in sth)	involve	in
involve sb (in sth/in doing sth)	involve	in	in	doing
involve sb in sth	involve	in
involve sb/sth	involve
involve sb/sth doing sth	involve	doing
involve sth	involve
involve yourself (in sth)	involve	yourself	in
involved (in sth)	involved	in
involved (in sth/sb)	involved	in
involved (with sth/sb)	involved	with
involved with sb/sth	involved	with
involvement (in/with sth)	involvement	in	with
involvement (with sb)	involvement	with
invulnerable to sth	invulnerable	to
ionize (sth)	ionize
irk sb (to do sth)	irk	to	do
iron (sth)	iron
iron sth↔out	iron↔out
irradiate sth	irradiate
irradiate sth (with sth)	irradiate	with
irrelevant to sth/sb	irrelevant	to
irresistible to sb	irresistible	to
irrigate sth	irrigate
irritate sb	irritate
irritate sth	irritate
irritated (at/by/with sth)	irritated	at	by	with
irrupt adv./prep.	irrupt	adv	prep
isolate sb/yourself/sth	isolate	yourself
isolate sb/yourself/sth from sb/sth	isolate	yourself	from
isolate sth (from sth)	isolate	from
isolation (from sb/sth)	isolation	from
issue from sth	issue	from
issue sb with sth	issue	with
issue sth	issue
issue sth (to sb)	issue	to
issue sth to sb	issue	to
it (all) depends	it	all	depends
it (just) so happens that…	it	just	so	happens	that
it amazes sb that…/to see, find, learn, etc.	it	amazes	that	to	see	find	learn	etc
it amuses sb to do sth	it	amuses	to	do
it annoys sb when…	it	annoys	when
it appals sb that…/to do sth	it	appals	that	to	do
it appears (that)…	it	appears	that
it astonishes sb (that)…	it	astonishes	that
it behoves sb to do sth	it	behoves	to	do
it bothers sb to do sth	it	bothers	to	do
it chanced (that)…	it	chanced	that
it comes out that…	it	comes	out	that
it comforts sb to do sth	it	comforts	to	do
it dawns on sb that…	it	dawns	on	that
it depresses sb to do sth	it	depresses	to	do
it disappoints sb that…	it	disappoints	that
it disturbs sb to do sth	it	disturbs	to	do
it does no harm (for sb) to do sth	it	does	no	harm	for	to	do
it does sb's heart good (to do sth)	it	does	sbs	heart	good	to	do
it embarrasses sb to do sth	it	embarrasses	to	do
it emerges that…	it	emerges	that
it falls to sb to do sth	it	falls	to	to	do
it flashes on sb that…	it	flashes	on	that
it follows that…	it	follows	that
it galls sb that…	it	galls	that
it galls sb to do sth	it	galls	to	do
it gladdens sb to do sth	it	gladdens	to	do
it gratifies sb to do sth	it	gratifies	to	do
it grieves sb that…	it	grieves	that
it grieves sb to do sth	it	grieves	to	do
it happens that…	it	happens	that
it horrifies sb that…	it	horrifies	that
it horrifies sb to do sth	it	horrifies	to	do
it hurts (sb) to do sth	it	hurts	to	do
it impresses sb that…	it	impresses	that
it infuriates sb that…/to do sth	it	infuriates	that	to	do
it interests sb to do sth	it	interests	to	do
it intrigues sb that…	it	intrigues	that
it irks sb that…	it	irks	that
it is accepted that…	it	is	accepted	that
it is accepted to be, have, etc. sth	it	is	accepted	to	be	have	etc
it is advised that…	it	is	advised	that
it is alleged (that)…	it	is	alleged	that
it is announced that…	it	is	announced	that
it is anticipated that…	it	is	anticipated	that
it is ascertained that…	it	is	ascertained	that
it is ascertained what, whether, etc…	it	is	ascertained	what	whether
it is asserted that…	it	is	asserted	that
it is assumed (that)…	it	is	assumed	that
it is believed (that)…	it	is	believed	that
it is calculated that…	it	is	calculated	that
it is claimed that…	it	is	claimed	that
it is conceded that…	it	is	conceded	that
it is concluded that…	it	is	concluded	that
it is confirmed that…	it	is	confirmed	that
it is considered that…	it	is	considered	that
it is decided (that)…	it	is	decided	that
it is decreed that…	it	is	decreed	that
it is demonstrated that…	it	is	demonstrated	that
it is denied that…	it	is	denied	that
it is determined that…	it	is	determined	that
it is disclosed that…	it	is	disclosed	that
it is discovered that…	it	is	discovered	that
it is disputed whether, how, etc…	it	is	disputed	whether	how
it is enacted that…	it	is	enacted	that
it is envisaged that…	it	is	envisaged	that
it is essential that…	it	is	essential	that
it is essential to do sth	it	is	essential	to	do
it is established that…	it	is	established	that
it is estimated (that)…	it	is	estimated	that
it is expected that…	it	is	expected	that
it is explained that…	it	is	explained	that
it is feared (that)…	it	is	feared	that
it is forgotten that…	it	is	forgotten	that
it is found that…	it	is	found	that
it is hoped (that)…	it	is	hoped	that
it is implied that…	it	is	implied	that
it is intended that…	it	is	intended	that
it is judged that…	it	is	judged	that
it is just as well (that…)	it	is	just	as	well	that
it is known that…	it	is	known	that
it is laid down that…	it	is	laid	down	that
it is learned that…	it	is	learned	that
it is misreported that…	it	is	misreported	that
it is noted that…	it	is	noted	that
it is predicted that…	it	is	predicted	that
it is presumed that…	it	is	presumed	that
it is projected that…	it	is	projected	that
it is proposed that…	it	is	proposed	that
it is proposed to do sth	it	is	proposed	to	do
it is proved that…	it	is	proved	that
it is realized that…	it	is	realized	that
it is recognized that…	it	is	recognized	that
it is recommended that…	it	is	recommended	that
it is recorded that…	it	is	recorded	that
it is regretted that…	it	is	regretted	that
it is remembered that…	it	is	remembered	that
it is reported that…	it	is	reported	that
it is resolved that…	it	is	resolved	that
it is revealed that…	it	is	revealed	that
it is ruled that…	it	is	ruled	that
it is rumoured that…	it	is	rumoured	that
it is said that…	it	is	said	that
it is scandalous that…	it	is	scandalous	that
it is seen that…	it	is	seen	that
it is settled that…	it	is	settled	that
it is stated that…	it	is	stated	that
it is stressed that…	it	is	stressed	that
it is suggested that…	it	is	suggested	that
it is suspected that…	it	is	suspected	that
it is thought that…	it	is	thought	that
it is underlined that…	it	is	underlined	that
it is understood that…	it	is	understood	that
it is whispered that…	it	is	whispered	that
it is/was	it	is	was
it is/was tipping (it) down	it	is	was	tipping	it	down
it isn't my, his, etc. thing	it	isnt	my	his	etc	thing
it kills sb to do sth	it	kills	to	do
it mortifies sb that…	it	mortifies	that
it must/should be emphasized that…	it	must	should	be	emphasized	that
it nettles sb that…	it	nettles	that
it niggles sb that…	it	niggles	that
it pains sb that…	it	pains	that
it pains sb to do sth	it	pains	to	do
it pays sb to do sth	it	pays	to	do
it pays to do sth	it	pays	to	do
it perplexes sb that…	it	perplexes	that
it pleases sb to do sth	it	pleases	to	do
it promises to be sth	it	promises	to	be
it riles sb that…	it	riles	that
it saddens sb that…	it	saddens	that
it says a lot, very little, etc. for sb/sth	it	says	a	lot	very	little	etc	for
it scares sb to do sth	it	scares	to	do
it seems that…	it	seems	that
it serves sb right (for doing sth)	it	serves	right	for	doing
it staggers sb that…	it	staggers	that
it startles sb to do sth	it	startles	to	do
it strikes sb how, what, etc…	it	strikes	how	what
it strikes sb that…	it	strikes	that
it suits sb to do sth	it	suits	to	do
it surprises sb that…	it	surprises	that
it surprises sb to do sth	it	surprises	to	do
it takes all sorts (to make a world)	it	takes	all	sorts	to	make	a	world
it takes two to do sth	it	takes	two	to	do
it upsets sb that…	it	upsets	that
it upsets sb to do sth	it	upsets	to	do
it will (all) come out in the wash	it	will	all	come	out	in	the	wash
it won't/wouldn't hurt (sb/sth) (to do sth)	it	wont	wouldnt	hurt	to	do
it worries sb that…	it	worries	that
it worries sb to do sth	it	worries	to	do
it wouldn't do sb any harm (to do sth)	it	wouldnt	do	any	harm	to	do
it's (all) water under the bridge	its	all	water	under	the	bridge
it's a wonder (that)…	its	a	wonder	that
it's a… thing	its	a	thing
it's about/high time	its	about	high	time
it's an ill wind (that blows nobody any good)	its	an	ill	wind	that	blows	nobody	any	good
it's early days (yet)	its	early	days	yet
it's just/only a matter of time (before…)	its	just	only	a	matter	of	time	before
it's no skin off my, your, his, etc. nose	its	no	skin	off	my	your	his	etc	nose
it's no use (doing sth)	its	no	use	doing
it's not sb's day	its	not	sbs	day
it's/that's not my problem	its	thats	not	my	problem
it/money doesn't grow on trees	it	money	doesnt	grow	on	trees
it/that figures	it	that	figures
italicize sth	italicize
itch (to do sth)	itch	to	do
itch for sth	itch	for
itch to do sth	itch	to	do
itemize sth	itemize
jab (at sb/sth) (with sth)	jab	at	with
jab sb/sth (in sth) (with sth)	jab	in	with
jab sth in sth	jab	in
jabber (about sth)	jabber	about
jack in/into sth	jack	in	into
jack of sb/sth	jack	of
jack sb (for sth)	jack	for
jack sb around	jack	around
jack sth	jack
jack sth↔in	jack↔in
jack sth↔up	jack↔up
jail sb (for sth)	jail	for
jam (sth)	jam
jam (up)	jam	up
jam adv./prep.	jam	adv	prep
jam on the brake(s)	jam	on	the	brakes
jam sb/sth + adv./prep.	jam	adv	prep
jam sth	jam
jam sth (up)	jam	up
jam sth (up) (with sb/sth)	jam	up	with
jam sth + adj.	jam	adj
jam sth + adv./prep.	jam	adv	prep
jam the brake(s) on	jam	the	brakes	on
jam-packed (with sb/sth)	jampacked	with
jangle (sth)	jangle
jangle sth	jangle
jar (on sth)	jar	on
jar (sth)	jar
jar (sth) (on sth)	jar	on
jar (with sth)	jar	with
jar sth	jar
jazz sth↔up	jazz↔up
jealous (of sb/sth)	jealous	of
jealous (of sth)	jealous	of
jeer at sb	jeer	at
jeer sb	jeer
jeopardize sth/sb	jeopardize
jerk adv./prep.	jerk	adv	prep
jerk sb around	jerk	around
jerk sth (+ adv./prep.)	jerk	adv	prep
jerk sth + adj.	jerk	adj
jerk sth↔out	jerk↔out
jest (about sth)	jest	about
jet adv./prep.	jet	adv	prep
jettison sth	jettison
jettison sth/sb	jettison
jib (at sth/at doing sth)	jib	at	at	doing
jibe (at sb/sth)	jibe	at
jibe (at sth)	jibe	at
jibe (with sth)	jibe	with
jibe that…	jibe	that
jig (sb/sth) (+ adv./prep.)	jig	adv	prep
jiggle adv./prep.	jiggle	adv	prep
jiggle sth (+ adv./prep.)	jiggle	adv	prep
jilt sb	jilt
jingle (sth)	jingle
jink adv./prep.	jink	adv	prep
jinx (on sb/sth)	jinx	on
jinx sb/sth	jinx
jive (sb)	jive
job-share (with sb)	jobshare	with
jockey (with sb) (for sth)	jockey	with	for
jockey (with sb) (to do sth)	jockey	with	to	do
jog sb's memory	jog	sbs	memory
jog sth/sb	jog
joggle (sb/sth)	joggle
join (A and B) (together/up)	join	A	and	B	together	up
join (sth)	join
join A to B	join	A	to	B
join battle (with sb)	join	battle	with
join hands (with sb)	join	hands	with
join in (sth/doing sth)	join	in	doing
join in (with sb/sth)	join	in	with
join sb (for sth)	join	for
join sb in doing sth	join	in	doing
join sth	join
join up (with sb)	join	up	with
join/combine forces (with sb)	join	combine	forces	with
joint sth	joint
joke (with sb) (about sth)	joke	with	about
joke about sth	joke	about
joke that…	joke	that
joking apart/aside	joking	apart	aside
jolly sb along	jolly	along
jolly sb into sth/into doing sth	jolly	into	into	doing
jolly sb/sth up	jolly	up
jolt adv./prep.	jolt	adv	prep
jolt sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	jolt	adv	prep
jolt sb/sth (into sth)	jolt	into
jolt sb/sth (out of sth)	jolt	out	of
jolt sb/sth + adj.	jolt	adj
josh (sb)	josh
jostle (sb)	jostle
jostle for sth	jostle	for
jot sth↔down	jot↔down
journey adv./prep.	journey	adv	prep
judge (sb)	judge
judge (sth)	judge
judge how, what, etc…	judge	how	what
judge sb + adj.	judge	adj
judge sb/sth (on sth)	judge	on
judge sb/sth + adj.	judge	adj
judge sb/sth + noun	judge	noun
judge sb/sth to be/do sth	judge	to	be	do
judge sth	judge
judge that…	judge	that
judgement (of/about/on sth)	judgement	of	about	on
judgement (on sth)	judgement	on
juggle (sth) (with sth)	juggle	with
juggle sth	juggle
juggle with sth	juggle	with
juice sth	juice
juice sth↔up	juice↔up
jumble (of sth)	jumble	of
jumble sth (together/up)	jumble	together	up
jump (about) (from sth to sth)	jump	about	from	to
jump (from…) (to…)	jump	from	to
jump (in sth)	jump	in
jump (on) sb	jump	on
jump adv./prep.	jump	adv	prep
jump at sb	jump	at
jump at sth	jump	at
jump by…	jump	by
jump down sb's throat	jump	down	sbs	throat
jump on sb	jump	on
jump out at sb	jump	out	at
jump sth	jump
jump sth + adv./prep.	jump	adv	prep
jump-start sth	jumpstart
jump/be thrown in at the deep end	jump	be	thrown	in	at	the	deep	end
jump/leap to conclusions	jump	leap	to	conclusions
jump/leap to the conclusion that…	jump	leap	to	the	conclusion	that
junior to sb	junior	to
junk sth	junk
jurisdiction (of sb/sth) (to do sth)	jurisdiction	of	to	do
jurisdiction (over sb/sth)	jurisdiction	over
just (for sth)	just	for
just (to do sth)	just	to	do
just a minute/moment/second	just	a	minute	moment	second
just about/going to do sth	just	about	going	to	do
just after, before, under, etc. sth	just	after	before	under	etc
just as…	just	as
just like…	just	like
just my/sb's luck	just	my	sbs	luck
just what…	just	what
just/merely/only a question of (sth/doing sth)	just	merely	only	a	question	of	doing
justification (for sth/doing sth)	justification	for	doing
justified (in doing sth)	justified	in	doing
justify (sb/sth) doing sth	justify	doing
justify sth	justify
justify sth/yourself (to sb)	justify	yourself	to
jut (out) (from, into, over sth)	jut	out	from	into	over
jut sth (out)	jut	out
juxtapose A and/with B	juxtapose	A	and	with	B
keel (sth) (over)	keel	over
keelhaul sb	keelhaul
keen (on doing sth)	keen	on	doing
keen (that…)	keen	that
keen (to do sth)	keen	to	do
keen on doing sth	keen	on	doing
keen on sb/sth	keen	on
keep (a) count (of sth)	keep	a	count	of
keep (close) tabs on sb/sth	keep	close	tabs	on
keep (yourself) to yourself	keep	yourself	to	yourself
keep a clear/cool head	keep	a	clear	cool	head
keep a close eye/watch on sb/sth	keep	a	close	eye	watch	on
keep a lookout (for sb/sth)	keep	a	lookout	for
keep a weather eye on sb/sth	keep	a	weather	eye	on
keep a/the lid on sth	keep	a	the	lid	on
keep abreast of sth	keep	abreast	of
keep adv./prep.	keep	adv	prep
keep an eye on sb/sth	keep	an	eye	on
keep an eye open/out (for sb/sth)	keep	an	eye	open	out	for
keep at sth	keep	at
keep away (from sb/sth)	keep	away	from
keep back (from sb/sth)	keep	back	from
keep doing sth	keep	doing
keep from sth	keep	from
keep in with sb	keep	in	with
keep off sth	keep	off
keep on (at sb) (about sb/sth)	keep	on	at	about
keep on doing sth	keep	on	doing
keep out (of sth)	keep	out	of
keep out of sth	keep	out	of
keep pace (with sb/sth)	keep	pace	with
keep quiet about sth	keep	quiet	about
keep sb	keep
keep sb after	keep	after
keep sb amused	keep	amused
keep sb at a distance	keep	at	a	distance
keep sb at arm's length	keep	at	arms	length
keep sb at sth	keep	at
keep sb company	keep	company
keep sb from sth	keep	from
keep sb going	keep	going
keep sb guessing	keep	guessing
keep sb in	keep	in
keep sb on their toes	keep	on	their	toes
keep sb out of sth	keep	out	of
keep sb posted (about/on sth)	keep	posted	about	on
keep sb sth	keep
keep sb sweet	keep	sweet
keep sb under	keep	under
keep sb up	keep	up
keep sb waiting	keep	waiting
keep sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	keep	adv	prep
keep sb/sth + adj.	keep	adj
keep sb/sth away (from sb/sth)	keep	away	from
keep sb/sth doing sth	keep	doing
keep sb/sth off sb/sth	keep	off
keep sb/sth↔off	keep	sb↔off
keep sb/sth↔out (of sth)	keep	sb↔out	of
keep sb/yourself	keep	yourself
keep sb/yourself in sth	keep	yourself	in
keep sb↔back	keep	sb↔back
keep sb↔back (from sb/sth)	keep	sb↔back	from
keep sb↔down	keep	sb↔down
keep sb↔on	keep	sb↔on
keep sth	keep
keep sth + adv./prep.	keep	adv	prep
keep sth dark	keep	dark
keep sth for sb	keep	for
keep sth from sb	keep	from
keep sth from sth	keep	from
keep sth in proportion	keep	in	proportion
keep sth on	keep	on
keep sth quiet	keep	quiet
keep sth to yourself	keep	to	yourself
keep sth under your hat	keep	under	your	hat
keep sth↔back	keep↔back
keep sth↔back (from sb)	keep↔back	from
keep sth↔down	keep↔down
keep sth↔in	keep↔in
keep sth↔up	keep↔up
keep to sth	keep	to
keep up (with sb/sth)	keep	up	with
keep up with sb	keep	up	with
keep up with sth	keep	up	with
keep up/move with the times	keep	up	move	with	the	times
keep your distance (from sb/sth)	keep	your	distance	from
keep your ears/eyes open (for sth)	keep	your	ears	eyes	open	for
keep your eyes peeled/skinned (for sb/sth)	keep	your	eyes	peeled	skinned	for
keep your nose out of sth	keep	your	nose	out	of
keep yourself from sth	keep	yourself	from
keep… hours	keep	hours
keep/get your head down	keep	get	your	head	down
keep/have your ear to the ground	keep	have	your	ear	to	the	ground
keep/hold (yourself) aloof	keep	hold	yourself	aloof
keep/leave sb dangling	keep	leave	dangling
keep/leave your options open	keep	leave	your	options	open
keep/lose track of sb/sth	keep	lose	track	of
keep/stay out of sb's way	keep	stay	out	of	sbs	way
keep/stay shtum	keep	stay	shtum
keep/stay/steer clear (of sb/sth)	keep	stay	steer	clear	of
ken (sth)	ken
ken (that)…	ken	that
ken what, where, etc…	ken	what	where
key (to doing sth)	key	to	doing
key (to sth)	key	to
key sb/sth to sth	key	to
key sth (in)	key	in
key sth (into sth)	key	into
keyboard (sth)	keyboard
kibitz sth	kibitz
kick (sb/sth)	kick
kick (some/sb's) ass	kick	some	sbs	ass
kick (sth)	kick
kick about/around	kick	about	around
kick against sth	kick	against
kick off (with sth)	kick	off	with
kick off sth	kick	off
kick out (at sb/sth)	kick	out	at
kick sb around	kick	around
kick sb in the teeth	kick	in	the	teeth
kick sb out (of sth)	kick	out	of
kick sb upstairs	kick	upstairs
kick sb when they're down	kick	when	theyre	down
kick sb/sth + adv./prep./adj.	kick	adv	prep	adj
kick sth	kick
kick sth about/around	kick	about	around
kick sth into the long grass/into touch	kick	into	the	long	grass	into	touch
kick sth↔off	kick↔off
kick sth↔up	kick↔up
kick the habit, drug, booze, etc.	kick	the	habit	drug	booze	etc
kick up a fuss, stink, etc.	kick	up	a	fuss	stink	etc
kick-start sth	kickstart
kid sb	kid
kid sb/yourself	kid	yourself
kid sb/yourself (that)…	kid	yourself	that
kidnap sb	kidnap
kill (sb/sth/yourself)	kill	yourself
kill an hour, a couple of hours, etc.	kill	an	hour	a	couple	of	hours	etc
kill sb	kill
kill sb/sth with kindness	kill	with	kindness
kill sb/sth↔off	kill	sb↔off
kill sth	kill
kill the goose that lays the golden egg/eggs	kill	the	goose	that	lays	the	golden	egg	eggs
kind (of sb) (to do sth)	kind	of	to	do
kind (to sb/sth)	kind	to
kindle (sth)	kindle
kindle sth	kindle
king (of sth)	king	of
king-hit sb	kinghit
kink (sth)	kink
kiss goodbye to sth	kiss	goodbye	to
kiss sb	kiss
kiss sb's arse	kiss	sbs	arse
kiss sth	kiss
kiss sth better	kiss	better
kiss sth goodbye	kiss	goodbye
kiss sth↔away	kiss↔away
kit sb out/up (in/with sth)	kit	out	up	in	with
kite sth	kite
klap sb/sth	klap
kludge (sth)	kludge
knack of doing sth	knack	of	doing
knack of/for (doing) sth	knack	of	for	doing
knacker sb	knacker
knacker sb/sth	knacker
knead sth	knead
knee sb/sth	knee
kneecap sb	kneecap
kneel (down)	kneel	down
knife sb	knife
knight sb	knight
knit (sb/sth) (together)	knit	together
knit (sth)	knit
knit sb sth	knit
knit your brow(s)	knit	your	brows
knock against/on sth	knock	against	on
knock around with sb/together	knock	around	with	together
knock around…	knock	around
knock at/on sth	knock	at	on
knock hell out of sb/sth	knock	hell	out	of
knock off sth	knock	off
knock sb back	knock	back
knock sb back sth	knock	back
knock sb dead	knock	dead
knock sb down (from sth) (to sth)	knock	down	from	to
knock sb off their pedestal/perch	knock	off	their	pedestal	perch
knock sb sideways	knock	sideways
knock sb/sth	knock
knock sb/sth + adj.	knock	adj
knock sb/sth + adv./prep.	knock	adv	prep
knock sb/sth around	knock	around
knock sb/sth doing sth	knock	doing
knock sb/sth into a cocked hat	knock	into	a	cocked	hat
knock sb/yourself out	knock	yourself	out
knock sb↔down/over	knock	sb↔down	over
knock sb↔off	knock	sb↔off
knock sb↔out	knock	sb↔out
knock sb↔out (of sth)	knock	sb↔out	of
knock sb↔over	knock	sb↔over
knock sb↔up	knock	sb↔up
knock spots off sb/sth	knock	spots	off
knock sth	knock
knock sth (against/on sth)	knock	against	on
knock sth + adv./prep.	knock	adv	prep
knock sth on the head	knock	on	the	head
knock sth↔back	knock↔back
knock sth↔down	knock↔down
knock sth↔down (from sth) (to sth)	knock↔down	from	to
knock sth↔off	knock↔off
knock sth↔off sth	knock↔off
knock sth↔out	knock↔out
knock sth↔together	knock↔together
knock sth↔up	knock↔up
knock the stuffing out of sb	knock	the	stuffing	out	of
knock/talk some sense into sb	knock	talk	some	sense	into
knock/throw sb for a loop	knock	throw	for	a	loop
knot (sth)	knot
knot sth	knot
know (of/about sth)	know	of	about
know (sth)	know
know (that)…	know	that
know better (than that/than to do sth)	know	better	than	that	than	to	do
know different/otherwise	know	different	otherwise
know how, what, etc…	know	how	what
know sb by sight	know	by	sight
know sb in the biblical sense	know	in	the	biblical	sense
know sb/sth	know
know sb/sth (to) do sth	know	to	do
know sb/sth as sth	know	as
know sb/sth backwards	know	backwards
know sb/sth for sth	know	for
know sb/sth from sb/sth	know	from
know sb/sth inside out	know	inside	out
know sb/sth like the back of your hand	know	like	the	back	of	your	hand
know sb/sth to be/do sth	know	to	be	do
know sth	know
know sth as well as I do	know	as	well	as	I	do
know to do sth	know	to	do
know what, how, etc…	know	what	how
know where, what, etc…	know	where	what
know/learn/find sth to your cost	know	learn	find	to	your	cost
know/tell sb a thing or two (about sb/sth)	know	tell	a	thing	or	two	about
knowledge of/about sth	knowledge	of	about
knowledgeable (about sth)	knowledgeable	about
knuckle down (to sth)	knuckle	down	to
knuckle under (to sb/sth)	knuckle	under	to
kowtow (to sb/sth)	kowtow	to
label sb/sth (as) sth	label	as
label sb/sth + adj.	label	adj
label sb/sth + noun	label	noun
label sth	label
labour (away)	labour	away
labour adv./prep.	labour	adv	prep
labour to do sth	labour	to	do
labour under sth	labour	under
lace (up)	lace	up
lace sth	lace
lace sth (up)	lace	up
lace sth (with sth)	lace	with
lacerate sb	lacerate
lacerate sth	lacerate
lack (for) nothing	lack	for	nothing
lack (of sth)	lack	of
lack sth	lack
lacking (in sth)	lacking	in
lacquer sth	lacquer
ladder (sth)	ladder
laden (with sth)	laden	with
ladle sth	ladle
ladle sth↔out	ladle↔out
lag (behind sb/sth)	lag	behind
lag (behind)	lag	behind
lag sth (with sth)	lag	with
lam into sb	lam	into
lambaste sb/sth	lambaste
lament sth	lament
lament that…	lament	that
lamp sb	lamp
lamp sb sth	lamp
lampoon sb/sth	lampoon
lance adv./prep.	lance	adv	prep
lance sth	lance
land a blow, punch, etc.	land	a	blow	punch	etc
land adv./prep.	land	adv	prep
land in sth	land	in
land sb/sth	land
land sb/yourself in sth	land	yourself	in
land sb/yourself sth	land	yourself
land sb/yourself with sth/sb	land	yourself	with
land sth	land
land up in, at…	land	up	in	at
landmark (in sth)	landmark	in
landscape sth	landscape
languish (in sth)	languish	in
lap sb	lap
lap sth	lap
lap sth↔up	lap↔up
lapse (from sth)	lapse	from
lapse into sth	lapse	into
lard sth	lard
lard sth with sth	lard	with
lark about/around	lark	about	around
lash (sth)	lash
lash adv./prep.	lash	adv	prep
lash out (at sb/sth)	lash	out	at
lash out on sth	lash	out	on
lash sb/sth	lash
lash sth	lash
lash sth + adv./prep.	lash	adv	prep
lasso sth	lasso
last (out)	last	out
last (out) sth	last	out
last of sth	last	of
last sb	last
last sb (out)	last	out
latch on (to sb/sth)	latch	on	to
latch on (to sth)	latch	on	to
latch onto sb/sth	latch	onto
latch onto sth	latch	onto
latch sth	latch
late of…	late	of
lather sth	lather
laud sb/sth	laud
laugh (at/about sth)	laugh	at	about
laugh at sb/sth	laugh	at
laugh in sb's face	laugh	in	sbs	face
laugh sb/sth out of court	laugh	out	of	court
laugh sth↔off	laugh↔off
laugh till/until you cry	laugh	till	until	you	cry
laugh up your sleeve (at sb/sth)	laugh	up	your	sleeve	at
laugh, scream, etc. your head off	laugh	scream	etc	your	head	off
launch into sth	launch	into
launch sth	launch
launch yourself at, from, etc. sth	launch	yourself	at	from	etc
launch yourself forwards, etc.	launch	yourself	forwards	etc
launch yourself into sth	launch	yourself	into
launder sth	launder
lavish (with/in sth)	lavish	with	in
lavish sth on/upon sb/sth	lavish	on	upon
law (against sth)	law	against
law (on sth)	law	on
lay (sb) sth (that)…	lay	that
lay (sth)	lay
lay A (on/over B)	lay	A	on	over	B
lay a finger on sb	lay	a	finger	on
lay about sb (with sth)	lay	about	with
lay about you/yourself (with sth)	lay	about	you	yourself	with
lay claim to sth	lay	claim	to
lay doing sth	lay	doing
lay down your life (for sb/sth)	lay	down	your	life	for
lay into sb/sth	lay	into
lay off sb/sth	lay	off
lay off sth	lay	off
lay over (at/in…)	lay	over	at	in
lay sb	lay
lay sb low	lay	low
lay sb to rest	lay	to	rest
lay sb up	lay	up
lay sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	lay	adv	prep
lay sb/sth + adj.	lay	adj
lay sb↔off	lay	sb↔off
lay sb↔out	lay	sb↔out
lay siege to sth	lay	siege	to
lay sth	lay
lay sth (down)	lay	down
lay sth ↔ up	lay	↔	up
lay sth + adv./prep.	lay	adv	prep
lay sth at sb's door	lay	at	sbs	door
lay sth bare	lay	bare
lay sth on sb	lay	on
lay sth on sth	lay	on
lay sth waste	lay	waste
lay sth↔aside	lay↔aside
lay sth↔down	lay↔down
lay sth↔in/up	lay↔in	up
lay sth↔on	lay↔on
lay sth↔out	lay↔out
lay waste (to) sth	lay	waste	to
lay, put, roll, etc. out the welcome mat (for sb)	lay	put	roll	etc	out	the	welcome	mat	for
lay/get your hands on sb	lay	get	your	hands	on
lay/get your hands on sth	lay	get	your	hands	on
lay/put sth to rest	lay	put	to	rest
lay/put your cards on the table	lay	put	your	cards	on	the	table
layer sth	layer
laze about/around	laze	about	around
laze sth↔away	laze↔away
leach (from sth) (into sth)	leach	from	into
leach out/away	leach	out	away
leach sth (from sth) (into sth)	leach	from	into
leach sth out/away	leach	out	away
lead (over sb/sth)	lead	over
lead (sb) nowhere	lead	nowhere
lead (sb/sth) (in sth)	lead	in
lead (sb/sth) by sth	lead	by
lead (sth)	lead
lead adv./prep.	lead	adv	prep
lead from/to sth (to/from sth)	lead	from	to	to	from
lead off (from) sth	lead	off	from
lead sb (to sth)	lead	to
lead sb + adv./prep.	lead	adv	prep
lead sb a (merry) dance	lead	a	merry	dance
lead sb by the nose	lead	by	the	nose
lead sb on	lead	on
lead sb to do sth	lead	to	do
lead sb up/down the garden path	lead	up	down	the	garden	path
lead sb/sth + adv./prep.	lead	adv	prep
lead sth	lead
lead sth↔off	lead↔off
lead to sth	lead	to
lead up to sth	lead	up	to
lead with sth	lead	with
lead/live the life of Riley	lead	live	the	life	of	Riley
leaf through sth	leaf	through
leaflet (sb/sth)	leaflet
leak sth	leak
leak sth (to sb)	leak	to
lean adv./prep.	lean	adv	prep
lean against sth	lean	against
lean on sb/sth	lean	on
lean on sth	lean	on
lean sth against/on sth	lean	against	on
lean to/towards/toward sth	lean	to	towards	toward
leaning (toward(s) sth)	leaning	towards
leap (in sth)	leap	in
leap (in sth) (from…) (to…)	leap	in	from	to
leap adv./prep.	leap	adv	prep
leap at sth	leap	at
leap sth	leap
leapfrog (sb/sth)	leapfrog
learn (about sth)	learn	about
learn (from sth)	learn	from
learn (sth) the hard way	learn	the	hard	way
learn (that)…	learn	that
learn how, what, etc…	learn	how	what
learn of/about sth	learn	of	about
learn sth	learn
learn sth from doing sth	learn	from	doing
learn sth from sb/sth	learn	from
learn to do sth	learn	to	do
learn who, what, etc…	learn	who	what
lease sb sth	lease
lease sth	lease
lease sth (out) (to sb)	lease	out	to
lease sth from sb	lease	from
leash sth	leash
leave a bad/nasty taste in the mouth	leave	a	bad	nasty	taste	in	the	mouth
leave a lot, much, something, etc. to be desired	leave	a	lot	much	something	etc	to	be	desired
leave doing sth	leave	doing
leave for…	leave	for
leave go (of sth)	leave	go	of
leave nothing/little to the imagination	leave	nothing	little	to	the	imagination
leave of sth	leave	of
leave sb	leave
leave sb (for sb)	leave	for
leave sb cold	leave	cold
leave sb holding the baby	leave	holding	the	baby
leave sb holding the bag	leave	holding	the	bag
leave sb in possession of the field	leave	in	possession	of	the	field
leave sb in the dust	leave	in	the	dust
leave sb in the lurch	leave	in	the	lurch
leave sb out in the cold	leave	out	in	the	cold
leave sb sth	leave
leave sb to their own devices	leave	to	their	own	devices
leave sb with sth	leave	with
leave sb/sth (+ adj.)	leave	adj
leave sb/sth + adv./prep.	leave	adv	prep
leave sb/sth behind	leave	behind
leave sb/sth doing sth	leave	doing
leave sb/sth out (of sth)	leave	out	of
leave sb/sth to do sth	leave	to	do
leave sb/sth to the mercy/mercies of sb/sth	leave	to	the	mercy	mercies	of
leave sb/sth↔off (sth)	leave	sb↔off
leave sth	leave
leave sth (for sb)	leave	for
leave sth (to sb)	leave	to
leave sth until…	leave	until
leave sth/sb (+ adv./prep.)	leave	adv	prep
leave sth/sb behind	leave	behind
leave sth↔aside	leave↔aside
leave the door open (for sth)	leave	the	door	open	for
leave the field clear for sb	leave	the	field	clear	for
leave to do sth	leave	to	do
leave to sb	leave	to
leave your/its/a mark (on sth/sb)	leave	your	its	a	mark	on
leave/let sb alone	leave	let	alone
leave/let sb/sth be	leave	let	be
leave/let sth alone	leave	let	alone
leave/let well alone	leave	let	well	alone
leaven sth (with sth)	leaven	with
lech after sb	lech	after
lecture (in/on sth)	lecture	in	on
lecture (to sb) (on/about sth)	lecture	to	on	about
lecture sb (about doing sth)	lecture	about	doing
lecture sb (about/on sth)	lecture	about	on
leer (at sb)	leer	at
leery (of doing sth)	leery	of	doing
leery (of sth/sb)	leery	of
leg (of sth)	leg	of
leg of sth	leg	of
legalize sth	legalize
legislate (for/against/on sth)	legislate	for	against	on
legitimize sb	legitimize
legitimize sth	legitimize
lend (out) sth (to sb)	lend	out	to
lend (sb) a (helping) hand (with sth)	lend	a	helping	hand	with
lend (sth) (to sb)	lend	to
lend an ear (to sb/sth)	lend	an	ear	to
lend colour to sth	lend	colour	to
lend itself to sth	lend	itself	to
lend sb sth	lend
lend sb/sth sth	lend
lend sth (to sb/sth)	lend	to
lend support, weight, credence, etc. to sth	lend	support	weight	credence	etc	to
lend your name to sth	lend	your	name	to
lengthen sth	lengthen
leopard-crawl adv./prep.	leopardcrawl	adv	prep
lessen sth	lessen
lesson to sb	lesson	to
let (do sth)	let	do
let fall sth	let	fall
let fly (at sb/sth) (with sth)	let	fly	at	with
let go (of sb/sth)	let	go	of
let it be known/make it known that…	let	it	be	known	make	it	known	that
let it go (at that)	let	it	go	at	that
let loose sth	let	loose
let me see/let's see	let	me	see	lets	see
let me see/think	let	me	see	think
let on (to sb)	let	on	to
let rip (at sb)	let	rip	at
let sb go	let	go
let sb have it	let	have	it
let sb in on sth	let	in	on
let sb into sth	let	into
let sb know	let	know
let sb off (with sth)	let	off	with
let sb off sth	let	off
let sb off the hook	let	off	the	hook
let sb out	let	out
let sb stew in their own juice	let	stew	in	their	own	juice
let sb/sth	let
let sb/sth + adv./prep.	let	adv	prep
let sb/sth do sth	let	do
let sb/sth drop	let	drop
let sb/sth go	let	go
let sb/sth loose	let	loose
let sb/sth↔down	let	sb↔down
let sb/yourself in for sth	let	yourself	in	for
let sb↔down	let	sb↔down
let slip sth	let	slip
let sth (out) (to sb)	let	out	to
let sth go	let	go
let sth into sth	let	into
let sth off	let	off
let sth out	let	out
let sth ride	let	ride
let sth rip	let	rip
let sth slip (through your fingers)	let	slip	through	your	fingers
let sth↔down	let↔down
let that…	let	that
let-up (in sth)	letup	in
let's hear it for…	lets	hear	it	for
let/make the welkin ring	let	make	the	welkin	ring
letter sth (+ noun)	letter	noun
letter sth (in sth)	letter	in
letterbox sth	letterbox
level (sth)	level
level (with sb)	level	with
level off/out	level	off	out
level sth	level
level sth (at sb)	level	at
level sth (off/out)	level	off	out
level sth against/at sb	level	against	at
level sth↔down	level↔down
level sth↔up	level↔up
level with sb	level	with
level with sth	level	with
lever (for/against sth)	lever	for	against
lever sth + adj.	lever	adj
lever sth + adv./prep.	lever	adv	prep
leverage sth	leverage
levitate (sth)	levitate
levy (on sth)	levy	on
levy sth (on sb/sth)	levy	on
liability (for sth)	liability	for
liability (to do sth)	liability	to	do
liable (for sth)	liable	for
liable for/to sth	liable	for	to
liable to do sth	liable	to	do
liable to sth	liable	to
liaise (between A and B)	liaise	between	A	and	B
liaise (with sb)	liaise	with
liaison (between A and B)	liaison	between	A	and	B
liaison (to/with sb/sth)	liaison	to	with
liaison (with sb)	liaison	with
libel sb	libel
liberal (with sth)	liberal	with
liberalize sth	liberalize
liberate sb (from sth)	liberate	from
liberate sb/sth (from sb/sth)	liberate	from
licence (for sth)	licence	for
licence (to do sth)	licence	to	do
license sb/sth to do sth	license	to	do
license sth	license
lick at sth	lick	at
lick sb's boots	lick	sbs	boots
lick sb/sth	lick
lick sth	lick
lick sth + adj.	lick	adj
lick sth + adv./prep.	lick	adv	prep
lick/smack your lips	lick	smack	your	lips
lie (in sth)	lie	in
lie (to sb) (about sth)	lie	to	about
lie adv./prep.	lie	adv	prep
lie ahead/in store	lie	ahead	in	store
lie behind sth	lie	behind
lie in wait (for sb)	lie	in	wait	for
lie with sb (to do sth)	lie	with	to	do
lie your way into/out of sth	lie	your	way	into	out	of
lien (in/over sth)	lien	in	over
lifeblood (of sth)	lifeblood	of
lift (sth)	lift
lift (up)	lift	up
lift sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	lift	adv	prep
lift sb/sth (up) (+ adv./prep.)	lift	up	adv	prep
lift sth	lift
lift sth (from sb/sth)	lift	from
lift sth (from sth)	lift	from
lift the lid on sth	lift	the	lid	on
ligate sth	ligate
light on/upon sth	light	on	upon
light sth	light
light sth↔up	light↔up
lighten (up)	lighten	up
lighten sth	lighten
lighten sth (up)	lighten	up
lightning never strikes (in the same place) twice	lightning	never	strikes	in	the	same	place	twice
like (greased) lightning	like	greased	lightning
like a man/woman possessed	like	a	man	woman	possessed
like crazy/mad	like	crazy	mad
like doing sth	like	doing
like for sb to do sth	like	for	to	do
like getting blood out of/from a stone	like	getting	blood	out	of	from	a	stone
like it when…	like	it	when
like sb/sth	like
like sb/sth doing sth	like	doing
like sb/sth to do sth	like	to	do
like sth	like
like sth + adj.	like	adj
like the/a Michelin man	like	the	a	Michelin	man
like to do sth	like	to	do
like, etc. the sound of your own voice	like	etc	the	sound	of	your	own	voice
likely (that…)	likely	that
likely (to do sth)	likely	to	do
liken sth/sb to sth/sb	liken	to
liking (for sb/sth)	liking	for
lime sth	lime
limit (on sth)	limit	on
limit (to sth)	limit	to
limit sth (to sth)	limit	to
limit sth to sb/sth	limit	to
limit yourself/sb (to sth)	limit	yourself	to
limitation (on sth)	limitation	on
limited (to sth)	limited	to
limp adv./prep.	limp	adv	prep
line sb/sth↔up	line	sb↔up
line sth	line
line sth (with sth)	line	with
line sth with sth	line	with
line sth↔up (with sth)	line↔up	with
line your (own)/sb's pockets	line	your	own	sbs	pockets
linger (on sb/sth)	linger	on
linger (on)	linger	on
linger adv./prep.	linger	adv	prep
link (between A and B)	link	between	A	and	B
link (with sth)	link	with
link A and B	link	A	and	B
link A and B (together)	link	A	and	B	together
link A to B	link	A	to	B
link A to/with B	link	A	to	with	B
link A with B	link	A	with	B
link up (with sb/sth)	link	up	with
linkage (between A and B)	linkage	between	A	and	B
lionize sb	lionize
lip (of sth)	lip	of
lip-read (sb)	lipread
lip-sync (to sth)	lipsync	to
lip-sync sth	lipsync
liquefy (sth)	liquefy
liquidate (sth)	liquidate
liquidate sb/sth	liquidate
liquidate sth	liquidate
liquidize sth	liquidize
list (at sth)	list	at
list sb/sth	list
list sth	list
listen (out) for sth	listen	out	for
listen (to sb/sth)	listen	to
listen in (on/to sth)	listen	in	on	to
listen to sb/sth	listen	to
litany (of sth)	litany	of
literature (on sth)	literature	on
litigate (sth)	litigate
litter (sth) (with sth)	litter	with
litter of sth	litter	of
litter sth	litter
little/no better than	little	no	better	than
little/nothing short of sth	little	nothing	short	of
live (from) hand to mouth	live	from	hand	to	mouth
live adv./prep.	live	adv	prep
live and breathe sth	live	and	breathe
live by doing sth	live	by	doing
live by sth	live	by
live for sb/sth	live	for
live off sb/sth	live	off
live off sth	live	off
live on sth	live	on
live out sth	live	out
live sth	live
live sth↔down	live↔down
live through sth	live	through
live to do sth	live	to	do
live up to sth	live	up	to
live with sb	live	with
live with sth	live	with
live, etc. to tell the tale	live	etc	to	tell	the	tale
live/sleep rough	live	sleep	rough
liven sb/sth up	liven	up
load (of sth)	load	of
load (sth)	load
load (up with sth)	load	up	with
load (up)	load	up
load sb with sth	load	with
load sb/sth down (with sth)	load	down	with
load sth	load
load sth (into sth)	load	into
load sth (up) (with sth)	load	up	with
load sth (with sth)	load	with
load sth/sb (into/onto sth)	load	into	onto
load the dice (against sb)	load	the	dice	against
loaded (with sth)	loaded	with
loaded against sb/sth	loaded	against
loaded in favour of sb/sth	loaded	in	favour	of
loaded with sth	loaded	with
loaf (about/around)	loaf	about	around
loan (of sth)	loan	of
loan sb sth	loan
loan sth (out) (to sb/sth)	loan	out	to
loan sth (to sb)	loan	to
loath to do sth	loath	to	do
loathe doing sth	loathe	doing
loathe sb/sth	loathe
loathing (for/of sb/sth)	loathing	for	of
lob sth (+ adv./prep.)	lob	adv	prep
lob sth + adv./prep.	lob	adv	prep
lobby (sb) (for/against sth)	lobby	for	against
lobotomize sb	lobotomize
localize sth	localize
locate adv./prep.	locate	adv	prep
locate sb/sth	locate
locate sth + adv./prep.	locate	adv	prep
lock (sth)	lock
lock (sth) (in/into/around, etc. sth)	lock	in	into	around	etc
lock (sth) (together)	lock	together
lock horns (with sb) (over sth)	lock	horns	with	over
lock onto sth	lock	onto
lock sb out	lock	out
lock sb/sth away	lock	away
lock sb/yourself in (…)	lock	yourself	in
lock sb/yourself out (of sth)	lock	yourself	out	of
lock sb↔up/away	lock	sb↔up	away
lock sth	lock
lock sth + adv./prep.	lock	adv	prep
lock sth↔up	lock↔up
lock sth↔up/away	lock↔up	away
lodge adv./prep.	lodge	adv	prep
lodge in sth	lodge	in
lodge sb (+ adv./prep.)	lodge	adv	prep
lodge sth (with sb) (against sb/sth)	lodge	with	against
lodge sth in sth	lodge	in
lodge sth with sb/in sth	lodge	with	in
loft sth	loft
log in/on	log	in	on
log off/out	log	off	out
log sb ↔in/on	log	↔in	on
log sb ↔off/out	log	↔off	out
log sth	log
logistics (of sth)	logistics	of
loll adv./prep.	loll	adv	prep
lollop adv./prep.	lollop	adv	prep
long for sb to do sth	long	for	to	do
long for sb/sth	long	for
long live sb/sth	long	live
long on sth	long	on
long to do sth	long	to	do
longing (for sb/sth)	longing	for
longing (to do sth)	longing	to	do
look (at sb/sth)	look	at
look (at sb/sth) askance	look	at	askance
look (at sth)	look	at
look (for sth/sb)	look	for
look (to sb) as if…/as though…	look	to	as	if	as	though
look (to sb) like sb/sth	look	to	like
look (to sb) like…	look	to	like
look adv./prep.	look	adv	prep
look after yourself/sb/sth	look	after	yourself
look ahead (to sth)	look	ahead	to
look around/round	look	around	round
look around/round (sth)	look	around	round
look around/round for sth	look	around	round	for
look askance (at sb/sth)	look	askance	at
look at sth	look	at
look back (on sth)	look	back	on
look bad (for sb)	look	bad	for
look daggers at sb	look	daggers	at
look doing sth	look	doing
look down on sb/sth	look	down	on
look down your nose at sb/sth	look	down	your	nose	at
look for sb/sth	look	for
look for sth	look	for
look forward to sth	look	forward	to
look how/what/who…	look	how	what	who
look in (on sb)	look	in	on
look into sth	look	into
look kindly on/upon sth/sb	look	kindly	on	upon
look like sth the cat brought/dragged in	look	like	the	cat	brought	dragged	in
look on sb/sth as sb/sth	look	on	as
look on sb/sth with sth	look	on	with
look out for sb	look	out	for
look out for sb/sth	look	out	for
look out for sb/yourself	look	out	for	yourself
look sb in the eye(s)/face	look	in	the	eyes	face
look sb up and down	look	up	and	down
look sb↔up	look	sb↔up
look sth↔out (for sb/sth)	look↔out	for
look sth↔over	look↔over
look sth↔up	look↔up
look through sb	look	through
look through sth	look	through
look to sb for sth	look	to	for
look to sb to do sth	look	to	to	do
look to sth	look	to
look up (from sth)	look	up	from
look up to sb	look	up	to
look where, what, etc…	look	where	what
look/dress the part	look	dress	the	part
look/feel like a million dollars/bucks	look	feel	like	a	million	dollars	bucks
look/feel like death warmed up	look	feel	like	death	warmed	up
look/feel small	look	feel	small
look/sound suspiciously like sth	look	sound	suspiciously	like
look/stare/gaze into space	look	stare	gaze	into	space
loom adv./prep.	loom	adv	prep
loop adv./prep.	loop	adv	prep
loop sth + adv./prep.	loop	adv	prep
loophole (in sth)	loophole	in
loose sth	loose
loose sth (off) (at sb/sth)	loose	off	at
loose sth (on/upon sb/sth)	loose	on	upon
loosen (sth)	loosen
loosen sb's tongue	loosen	sbs	tongue
loosen sb/sth↔up	loosen	sb↔up
loosen sth	loosen
loot (sth)	loot
lop sth	lop
lop sth↔off (sth)	lop↔off
lope adv./prep.	lope	adv	prep
Lord (only) knows (what, where, why, etc.)…	Lord	only	knows	what	where	why
lord it over sb	lord	it	over
Lord knows…	Lord	knows
lose (sth)	lose
lose (sth) (by sth)	lose	by
lose count (of sth)	lose	count	of
lose on sth/by doing sth	lose	on	by	doing
lose out (on sth)	lose	out	on
lose out to sb/sth	lose	out	to
lose sb	lose
lose sb sth	lose
lose sb/sth	lose
lose sb/sth in the shuffle	lose	in	the	shuffle
lose sight of sb/sth	lose	sight	of
lose sth	lose
lose sth (on sth/by doing sth)	lose	on	by	doing
lose sth (to sb)	lose	to
lose sth (to sb/sth)	lose	to
lose sth/sb	lose
lose to sb	lose	to
lose touch (with sb/sth)	lose	touch	with
lose your grip (on sth)	lose	your	grip	on
lose your heart (to sb/sth)	lose	your	heart	to
lose yourself in sth	lose	yourself	in
lose/keep your temper (with sb)	lose	keep	your	temper	with
lot (to do)	lot	to	do
lots of love (from)	lots	of	love	from
lounge adv./prep.	lounge	adv	prep
louse sth↔up	louse↔up
lousy with sth/sb	lousy	with
love doing sth	love	doing
love sb/sth	love
love sb/sth to do sth	love	to	do
love sth	love
love to do sth	love	to	do
lovely and warm, cold, quiet, etc.	lovely	and	warm	cold	quiet	etc
low-down on (sb/sth)	lowdown	on
lowball sth	lowball
lower (sth)	lower
lower sth	lower
lower sth/sb + adv./prep.	lower	adv	prep
lower yourself (by doing sth)	lower	yourself	by	doing
loyal (to sb/sth)	loyal	to
loyalty (to/towards sb/sth)	loyalty	to	towards
Loyola, St Ignatius (of)	Loyola	St	Ignatius	of
lubricate sth	lubricate
luckily (for sb)	luckily	for
lucky (for sb) (that…)	lucky	for	that
lucky (that…)	lucky	that
lucky (to do sth)	lucky	to	do
lucky you, me, etc.	lucky	you	me	etc
lug sth + adv./prep.	lug	adv	prep
lukewarm about sb/sth	lukewarm	about
lull (in sth)	lull	in
lull (sth)	lull
lull sb	lull
lull sb into sth	lull	into
lumber adv./prep.	lumber	adv	prep
lumber sb (with sb/sth)	lumber	with
lump A (in) with B	lump	A	in	with	B
lump A and B together	lump	A	and	B	together
lunge (at sb)	lunge	at
lunge (at/towards/for sb/sth)	lunge	at	towards	for
lunge (for sb/sth)	lunge	for
lunge (forward)	lunge	forward
lurch adv./prep.	lurch	adv	prep
lure sb (+ adv./prep.)	lure	adv	prep
lurk adv./prep.	lurk	adv	prep
lust (for sb)	lust	for
lust (for sth)	lust	for
lust after/for sb/sth	lust	after	for
luxuriate in sth	luxuriate	in
lynch sb	lynch
macerate (sth)	macerate
machine (sth)	machine
machine-gun sb/sth	machinegun
machinery (for doing sth)	machinery	for	doing
machinery (of sth)	machinery	of
MacNeil/Lehrer Report	MacNeil	Lehrer	Report
mad (about sth)	mad	about
mad (about/on sth/sb)	mad	about	on
mad (at/with sb)	mad	at	with
mad keen (on sth/sb)	mad	keen	on
mad with sth	mad	with
madden sb/sth	madden
magic sb/sth + adv./prep.	magic	adv	prep
magnet (for sb/sth)	magnet	for
magnetize sb	magnetize
magnetize sth	magnetize
magnify sth	magnify
magnify sth (to/by sth)	magnify	to	by
magnitude (of sth)	magnitude	of
mail bomb sb/sth	mail	bomb
mail sb	mail
mail sb sth	mail
mail sb/sth	mail
mail sth (to sb/sth)	mail	to
mail sth↔out	mail↔out
maim sb	maim
mainline (sth)	mainline
mainspring (of sth)	mainspring	of
mainstay (of sth)	mainstay	of
mainstream sb	mainstream
mainstream sth	mainstream
maintain (that)…	maintain	that
maintain sb/sth	maintain
maintain sth	maintain
maintenance (of sth)	maintenance	of
major in sth	major	in
major on sth	major	on
majority (of sb/sth)	majority	of
majority (over sb)	majority	over
make (a) nonsense of sth	make	a	nonsense	of
make (both) ends meet	make	both	ends	meet
make (of sth)	make	of
make (with sb)	make	with
make (your) peace with sb	make	your	peace	with
make a (big) thing of/about sth	make	a	big	thing	of	about
make a beeline for sth/sb	make	a	beeline	for
make a better, good, poor, etc. fist of sth	make	a	better	good	poor	etc	fist	of
make a bolt for sth	make	a	bolt	for
make a break for sth/for it	make	a	break	for	for	it
make a clean breast of sth	make	a	clean	breast	of
make a clean sweep (of sth)	make	a	clean	sweep	of
make a dive (for sth)	make	a	dive	for
make a drama out of sth	make	a	drama	out	of
make a fast/quick buck	make	a	fast	quick	buck
make a fool of sb	make	a	fool	of
make a fuss of/over sb	make	a	fuss	of	over
make a go of sth	make	a	go	of
make a good, bad, etc. job of sth	make	a	good	bad	etc	job	of
make a hash of sth	make	a	hash	of
make a hole in sth	make	a	hole	in
make a horlicks of sth	make	a	horlicks	of
make a joke of sth	make	a	joke	of
make a man (out) of sb	make	a	man	out	of
make a meal of sth	make	a	meal	of
make a mockery of sth	make	a	mockery	of
make a monkey (out) of sb	make	a	monkey	out	of
make a move on sb	make	a	move	on
make a noise (about sth)	make	a	noise	about
make a pass at sb	make	a	pass	at
make a pig's ear (out) of sth	make	a	pigs	ear	out	of
make a pitch for sb/sth	make	a	pitch	for
make a pitch to sb	make	a	pitch	to
make a play for sb/sth	make	a	play	for
make a point of doing sth	make	a	point	of	doing
make a, no, some, etc. difference (to/in sb/sth)	make	a	no	some	etc	difference	to	in
make a, your, etc. move	make	a	your	etc	move
make a/your pile	make	a	your	pile
make all the difference (to sb/sth)	make	all	the	difference	to
make allowance(s) for sth	make	allowances	for
make allowances (for sb)	make	allowances	for
make amends (to sb) (for sth/for doing sth)	make	amends	to	for	for	doing
make an example of sb	make	an	example	of
make an honest woman of sb	make	an	honest	woman	of
make as if to do sth	make	as	if	to	do
make believe (that…)	make	believe	that
make capital (out) of sth	make	capital	out	of
make certain (that…)	make	certain	that
make certain of sth/of doing sth	make	certain	of	of	doing
make common cause with sb	make	common	cause	with
make do (with sth)	make	do	with
make eyes at sb	make	eyes	at
make for sth	make	for
make free with sth	make	free	with
make fun of sb/sth	make	fun	of
make good, etc. time	make	good	etc	time
make great/much play of sth	make	great	much	play	of
make hard work of sth	make	hard	work	of
make heavy weather of sth	make	heavy	weather	of
make inroads into/on sth	make	inroads	into	on
make it with sb	make	it	with
make life difficult (for sb)	make	life	difficult	for
make light of sth	make	light	of
make light work of sth	make	light	work	of
make like…	make	like
make love (to sb)	make	love	to
make mincemeat of sb	make	mincemeat	of
make much of sth/sb	make	much	of
make no apology/apologies for sth	make	no	apology	apologies	for
make no bones about (doing) sth	make	no	bones	about	doing
make no mistake (about sth)	make	no	mistake	about
make noises (about sth)	make	noises	about
make off with sth	make	off	with
make or break sb/sth	make	or	break
make ready (for sth)	make	ready	for
make sb	make
make sb + noun	make	noun
make sb do sth	make	do
make sb out	make	out
make sb sick	make	sick
make sb sth	make
make sb's acquaintance	make	sbs	acquaintance
make sb's blood boil	make	sbs	blood	boil
make sb's blood run cold	make	sbs	blood	run	cold
make sb's day	make	sbs	day
make sb's hackles rise	make	sbs	hackles	rise
make sb's hair stand on end	make	sbs	hair	stand	on	end
make sb's life a misery	make	sbs	life	a	misery
make sb's toes curl	make	sbs	toes	curl
make sb/sth + adj.	make	adj
make sb/sth + noun	make	noun
make sb/sth do sth	make	do
make sb/sth into sb/sth	make	into
make sb/sth/yourself + adj.	make	yourself	adj
make sb/sth↔out	make	sb↔out
make sense of sth	make	sense	of
make short work of sth/sb	make	short	work	of
make soothing, encouraging, reassuring, etc. noises	make	soothing	encouraging	reassuring	etc	noises
make sth	make
make sth (+ adv./prep.)	make	adv	prep
make sth (out) of sth	make	out	of
make sth + noun	make	noun
make sth for sb	make	for
make sth from sth	make	from
make sth good	make	good
make sth into sth	make	into
make sth of sb/sth	make	of
make sth↔out	make↔out
make sth↔over (to sb/sth)	make↔over	to
make sth↔up	make↔up
make sure (of sth/that…)	make	sure	of	that
make that…	make	that
make the acquaintance of sb	make	the	acquaintance	of
make the best of sth/it	make	the	best	of	it
make the most of sth/sb/yourself	make	the	most	of	yourself
make to be/do sth	make	to	be	do
make towards sth	make	towards
make up (to sb) for sth	make	up	to	for
make up (with sb)	make	up	with
make up for sth	make	up	for
make up to sb	make	up	to
make use of sth/sb	make	use	of
make way (for sb/sth)	make	way	for
make what, who, etc…	make	what	who
make what, why, etc…	make	what	why
make your way (to/towards sth)	make	your	way	to	towards
make your/a mark (on sth)	make	your	a	mark	on
make yourself known to sb	make	yourself	known	to
make yourself/sb↔up	make	yourself	sb↔up
make-up (of sth)	makeup	of
make, cause, etc. a splash	make	cause	etc	a	splash
make, etc. a dent in sth	make	etc	a	dent	in
make/lose money hand over fist	make	lose	money	hand	over	fist
maker (of sth)	maker	of
making (of sth)	making	of
malign sb/sth	malign
maltreat sb/sth	maltreat
man sth	man
man, woman, car, etc. of the year	man	woman	car	etc	of	the	year
manacle sb/sth	manacle
manage (on sth)	manage	on
manage (sth)	manage
manage (to do sth)	manage	to	do
manage sb/sth	manage
manage sth	manage
manage with/without sb/sth	manage	with	without
mandate (for sth)	mandate	for
mandate (to do sth)	mandate	to	do
mandate sb (to do sth)	mandate	to	do
mandate sb/sth to do sth	mandate	to	do
mandate that…	mandate	that
mandatory (for sb) (to do sth)	mandatory	for	to	do
mangle sth	mangle
manhandle sb	manhandle
manhandle sth + adv./prep.	manhandle	adv	prep
mania (for sth/for doing sth)	mania	for	for	doing
manicure sth	manicure
manifest (to sb) (in sth)	manifest	to	in
manifest itself (in sth)	manifest	itself	in
manifest sth (in sth)	manifest	in
manifestation (of sth)	manifestation	of
manipulate sb into sth/into doing sth	manipulate	into	into	doing
manipulate sb/sth	manipulate
manipulate sth	manipulate
manoeuvre (for sth)	manoeuvre	for
manoeuvre sth (+ adv./prep.)	manoeuvre	adv	prep
manoeuvre sth + adv./prep.	manoeuvre	adv	prep
mantle sth	mantle
manufacture sth	manufacture
manure sth	manure
many happy returns (of the day)	many	happy	returns	of	the	day
many's the time (that)…	manys	the	time	that
many's the…	manys	the
map sth	map
map sth on/onto sth	map	on	onto
map sth↔out	map↔out
mar sth	mar
march adv./prep.	march	adv	prep
march on…	march	on
march sb + adv./prep.	march	adv	prep
march to (the beat of) a different drummer/drum	march	to	the	beat	of	a	different	drummer	drum
marginalize sb	marginalize
marinate (sth)	marinate
mark (sth)	mark
mark A (with B)	mark	A	with	B
mark sb	mark
mark sb down	mark	down
mark sb down as sth	mark	down	as
mark sb out as/for sth	mark	out	as	for
mark sb/sth	mark
mark sb/sth + adj.	mark	adj
mark sb/sth as sth	mark	as
mark sb/sth off (from sb/sth)	mark	off	from
mark sth	mark
mark sth↔down	mark↔down
mark sth↔off	mark↔off
mark sth↔out	mark↔out
mark sth↔up	mark↔up
mark what, how, etc…	mark	what	how
market (for sth)	market	for
market sth (to sb) (as sth)	market	to	as
maroon sb	maroon
married to sth	married	to
marry (sb)	marry
marry in haste (, repent at leisure)	marry	in	haste		repent	at	leisure
marry into sth	marry	into
marry sb	marry
marry sb (to sb)	marry	to
marry sb↔off (to sb)	marry	sb↔off	to
marry sth and/to/with sth	marry	and	to	with
marry sth↔up (with sth)	marry↔up	with
marshal sb	marshal
marshal sth	marshal
martyr sb	martyr
martyr to sth	martyr	to
marvel (at sth)	marvel	at
marvel that…	marvel	that
masculinize sth/sb	masculinize
mash sth (up)	mash	up
mask sth	mask
masquerade as sth	masquerade	as
mass (of sth)	mass	of
mass adv./prep.	mass	adv	prep
mass of sth	mass	of
mass sb/sth	mass
mass-produce sth	massproduce
massacre sb	massacre
massage sth	massage
massage sth into sth	massage	into
master (of sth)	master	of
master of sth	master	of
master sth	master
master sth/sb	master
mastermind sth	mastermind
mastery (of sth)	mastery	of
mastery (of/over sb/sth)	mastery	of	over
masturbate (yourself)	masturbate	yourself
masturbate sb	masturbate
match (sth)	match
match sb/sth	match
match sb/sth (to/with sb/sth)	match	to	with
match sb/sth against/with sb/sth	match	against	with
match sth	match
match sth against sth	match	against
match sth↔up (with sth)	match↔up	with
match up (to sb/sth)	match	up	to
match up (with sth)	match	up	with
mate (with sth)	mate	with
mate sth (to/with sth)	mate	to	with
material to sth	material	to
matey (with sb)	matey	with
matter (to sb)	matter	to
matter (to sb) that…	matter	to	that
matter (to sb) who, what, etc…	matter	to	who	what
matter with sb/sth	matter	with
mature (into sth)	mature	into
mature (sth)	mature
maul sb	maul
maul sb/sth	maul
maul sth/sb	maul
maunder (on) (about sth)	maunder	on	about
max (sth) out	max	out
maximize sth	maximize
may/might (just) as well do sth	may	might	just	as	well	do
mean (between A and B)	mean	between	A	and	B
mean (sb) no harm	mean	no	harm
mean (that)…	mean	that
mean (to sb)	mean	to
mean doing sth	mean	doing
mean sb for sth/sb	mean	for
mean sb/sth doing sth	mean	doing
mean sb/sth to be sth	mean	to	be
mean sb/sth to do sth	mean	to	do
mean sth	mean
mean sth as sth	mean	as
mean sth for sb/sth	mean	for
mean sth to sb	mean	to
mean to be/do sth	mean	to	be	do
mean to do sth	mean	to	do
mean what…	mean	what
meander adv./prep.	meander	adv	prep
meaning (of sth)	meaning	of
means (of sth/of doing sth)	means	of	of	doing
means-test sb	meanstest
measure (to do sth)	measure	to	do
measure how much, how long, etc…	measure	how	much	how	long
measure how, what, etc…	measure	how	what
measure sb/sth against sb/sth	measure	against
measure sb/sth for sth	measure	for
measure sb/sth↔up	measure	sb↔up
measure sth	measure
measure sth (in sth)	measure	in
measure sth↔out	measure↔out
measure up (to sth/sb)	measure	up	to
meat (of sth)	meat	of
meat and drink to sb	meat	and	drink	to
mechanize sth	mechanize
meddle (in/with sth)	meddle	in	with
meddle (with sth)	meddle	with
mediate (in sth)	mediate	in
mediate between A and B	mediate	between	A	and	B
mediate sth	mediate
medicate sb	medicate
meditate (on/upon sth)	meditate	on	upon
meditate sth	meditate
meditation (on sth)	meditation	on
meet (for sth)	meet	for
meet (sb)	meet
meet sb	meet
meet sb (for sth)	meet	for
meet sb halfway	meet	halfway
meet sb's eye(s)	meet	sbs	eyes
meet sb's gaze, look, etc.	meet	sbs	gaze	look	etc
meet sb/sth	meet
meet sth	meet
meet sth with sth	meet	with
meet up (with sb)	meet	up	with
meet with sb	meet	with
meet with sth	meet	with
meld (A and B) (together)	meld	A	and	B	together
meld (A) with B	meld	A	with	B
mellow (sth)	mellow
mellow sb	mellow
melt into sth	melt	into
melt sth	melt
melt sth↔away	melt↔away
melt sth↔down	melt↔down
member (of sth)	member	of
member of sth	member	of
membership (in sth)	membership	in
membership (of sth)	membership	of
memo (to sb)	memo	to
memorable (for sth)	memorable	for
memorial to sb/sth	memorial	to
memorialize sb/sth	memorialize
memorize sth	memorize
memory (for sth)	memory	for
menace (to sb/sth)	menace	to
menace sth/sb	menace
mend (your) fences (with sb)	mend	your	fences	with
mend sth	mend
mention doing sth	mention	doing
mention sth/sb (to sb)	mention	to
mention sth/sb as sth/sb	mention	as
mention that…	mention	that
mention where, why, etc…	mention	where	why
merchandise sth	merchandise
merge (A and B) (together)	merge	A	and	B	together
merge (into sth)	merge	into
merge A with B	merge	A	with	B
merge into sth	merge	into
merge sth	merge
merge with sth	merge	with
merger (between/of A and B)	merger	between	of	A	and	B
merger (with sth)	merger	with
merit (doing) sth	merit	doing
mesh (sth) (together)	mesh	together
mesh (sth) (with sth)	mesh	with
mesmerize sb	mesmerize
mess around with sb	mess	around	with
mess around with sth	mess	around	with
mess sb about/around	mess	about	around
mess sb↔up	mess	sb↔up
mess sth	mess
mess sth↔up	mess↔up
mess with sb/sth	mess	with
message (from sb) (to sb)	message	from	to
message sb	message
message sb sth	message
metabolize sth	metabolize
metamorphose (sth/sb) (from sth) (into sth)	metamorphose	from	into
mete sth↔out (to sb)	mete↔out	to
meter sth	meter
methinks (that)…	methinks	that
method (for sth/for doing sth)	method	for	for	doing
method (of doing sth)	method	of	doing
method (of sth)	method	of
meticulous about sth	meticulous	about
meticulous in sth/doing sth	meticulous	in	doing
microchip sth	microchip
micromanage (sth)	micromanage
microwave sth	microwave
migrate (sb)	migrate
migrate sth	migrate
militarize sth	militarize
militate against sth	militate	against
milk A (from B)	milk	A	from	B
milk B (of A)	milk	B	of	A
milk sth	milk
milk/suck sb/sth dry	milk	suck	dry
mill sth	mill
mime (sth)	mime
mime (to sth)	mime	to
mime doing sth	mime	doing
mimic sb/sth	mimic
mimic sth	mimic
mince adv./prep.	mince	adv	prep
mince sth	mince
mind (sth)	mind
mind (that)…	mind	that
mind about sth	mind	about
mind doing sth	mind	doing
mind how, what, etc…	mind	how	what
mind how, where, etc…	mind	how	where
mind out (for sb/sth)	mind	out	for
mind sb	mind
mind sb doing sth	mind	doing
mind sb/sth	mind
mind sb/sth doing sth	mind	doing
mind sth	mind
mind that…	mind	that
mind/watch your language	mind	watch	your	language
mind/watch your step	mind	watch	your	step
minded (to do sth)	minded	to	do
mindful of sb/sth	mindful	of
mindful that…	mindful	that
mindless of sb/sth	mindless	of
mine (for sth)	mine	for
mine sth	mine
mine sth (for sth)	mine	for
mingle (A and B) (together)	mingle	A	and	B	together
mingle (A) (with B)	mingle	A	with	B
miniaturize sth	miniaturize
minimize sth	minimize
minister to sb/sth	minister	to
minor in sth	minor	in
mint sth	mint
minute sth	minute
minute that…	minute	that
miracle of sth	miracle	of
mired in sth	mired	in
mirror sb/sth	mirror
mirror sth	mirror
misapply sth	misapply
misappropriate sth	misappropriate
miscalculate (sth)	miscalculate
miscalculate how long, how much, etc…	miscalculate	how	long	how	much
miscalculate how, what, etc…	miscalculate	how	what
miscarry (sth)	miscarry
miscast sb (as sb/sth)	miscast	as
misconceive sth	misconceive
misconception (about sth)	misconception	about
misconstrue sth (as sth)	misconstrue	as
miscount (sth)	miscount
misdiagnose sth (as sth)	misdiagnose	as
misdial (sth)	misdial
misdirect sb/sth	misdirect
misdirect sth	misdirect
misfile sth	misfile
misgiving about sth/about doing sth	misgiving	about	about	doing
misgovern sth	misgovern
mishandle sb/sth	mishandle
mishandle sth	mishandle
mishear (sb)	mishear
mishear what…	mishear	what
mishit sth	mishit
misinform sb (about sth)	misinform	about
misinterpret sth (as sth/doing sth)	misinterpret	as	doing
misjudge how long, how far, etc…	misjudge	how	long	how	far
misjudge how, what, etc…	misjudge	how	what
misjudge sb/sth	misjudge
misjudge sth	misjudge
mislay sth	mislay
mislead sb (about sth)	mislead	about
mislead sb (into doing sth)	mislead	into	doing
mismanage sth	mismanage
mismatch (between A and B)	mismatch	between	A	and	B
mismatch sb/sth	mismatch
misname sb/sth	misname
misplace sth	misplace
mispronounce sth	mispronounce
misquote sb/sth	misquote
misread sth	misread
misread sth (as sth)	misread	as
misread sth as sth	misread	as
misreport sth	misreport
misreport what, how, etc…	misreport	what	how
misrepresent sb/sth	misrepresent
misrepresent sb/sth as sth	misrepresent	as
misrepresent what, how, etc…	misrepresent	what	how
miss (doing) sth	miss	doing
miss (sb/sth)	miss
miss (sb/sth) doing sth	miss	doing
miss doing sth	miss	doing
miss out (on sth)	miss	out	on
miss sb/sth	miss
miss sb/sth↔out	miss	sb↔out
miss sth	miss
miss sth/sb	miss
mission adv./prep.	mission	adv	prep
misspell sth	misspell
misspend sth	misspend
mist (over)	mist	over
mist (over/up)	mist	over	up
mist (sth) (up)	mist	up
mist sth	mist
mist sth (up)	mist	up
mistake sb/sth	mistake
mistake sb/sth as sb/sth	mistake	as
mistake sb/sth for sb/sth	mistake	for
mistake what…	mistake	what
mistaken (about sb/sth)	mistaken	about
mistime sth	mistime
mistreat sb/sth	mistreat
mistrust sb/sth	mistrust
mistrustful (of sb/sth)	mistrustful	of
misunderstand (sb/sth)	misunderstand
misunderstand what, how, etc…	misunderstand	what	how
misunderstanding between A and B	misunderstanding	between	A	and	B
misunderstanding of/about sth	misunderstanding	of	about
misuse sb	misuse
misuse sth	misuse
mitigate sth	mitigate
mitre sth	mitre
mix (with sb)	mix	with
mix A and B (together)	mix	A	and	B	together
mix A with B	mix	A	with	B
mix it (with sb)	mix	it	with
mix sb sth	mix
mix sb/sth up (with sb/sth)	mix	up	with
mix sth	mix
mix sth for sb	mix	for
mix sth into sth	mix	into
mix sth into/to sth	mix	into	to
mix sth↔in (with sth)	mix↔in	with
mix sth↔up	mix↔up
mix with sth	mix	with
moan (at sb)	moan	at
moan (at sb) (about sth)	moan	at	about
moan (on) (about sth) (to sb)	moan	on	about	to
moan in/with sth	moan	in	with
moan that…	moan	that
mob sb	mob
mob sth	mob
mobilize (sb)	mobilize
mobilize (sb/sth)	mobilize
mobilize sth	mobilize
mock (sb) + speech	mock	speech
mock (sb/sth)	mock
mock sth	mock
mod sth	mod
model sth	model
model sth on/after sth	model	on	after
model yourself on sb	model	yourself	on
moderate (sth)	moderate
moderate sth	moderate
modernize sth	modernize
modification (of/to/in sth)	modification	of	to	in
modify sth	modify
modulate (from sth) (to/into sth)	modulate	from	to	into
modulate sth	modulate
moisten (sth)	moisten
moisturize (sth)	moisturize
mold (sth) to sth	mold	to
mold A (into B)	mold	A	into	B
mold B (from/out of/in A)	mold	B	from	out	of	in	A
mold sb/sth	mold
mold sb/sth into sb/sth	mold	into
molest sb	molest
mollify sb	mollify
mollycoddle sb	mollycoddle
money for jam/old rope	money	for	jam	old	rope
monitor sth	monitor
monitor what, how, etc…	monitor	what	how
monopolize sb	monopolize
monopolize sth	monopolize
monopoly (in/of/on sth)	monopoly	in	of	on
monopoly in/of/on sth	monopoly	in	of	on
monument (to sb/sth)	monument	to
monument to sth	monument	to
mooch (sth) (off sb)	mooch	off
mooch adv./prep.	mooch	adv	prep
moon about/around	moon	about	around
moon over sb	moon	over
moor sth (to sth)	moor	to
moot sth	moot
mop sb/sth↔up	mop	sb↔up
mop sth	mop
mop sth (from sth)	mop	from
mop sth/sb↔up	mop	sb↔up
mope about/around (…)	mope	about	around
moratorium (on sth)	moratorium	on
more (sth/of sth) (than…)	more	of	than
more (than…)	more	than
more fool sb (for doing sth)	more	fool	for	doing
more like (it)	more	like	it
more like…	more	like
more power to sb's elbow	more	power	to	sbs	elbow
more than your job's worth (to do sth)	more	than	your	jobs	worth	to	do
morph (sb/sth) (into sb/sth)	morph	into
morph (sth) (into sth)	morph	into
mortar (sb/sth)	mortar
mortgage sth	mortgage
mortify sb (to do sth)	mortify	to	do
mosey adv./prep.	mosey	adv	prep
most/very like	most	very	like
most/very likely	most	very	likely
mothball sth	mothball
mother sb/sth	mother
motion (for) sb to do sth	motion	for	to	do
motion sb + adv./prep.	motion	adv	prep
motion to sb (to do sth)	motion	to	to	do
motivate sb	motivate
motivate sb to do sth	motivate	to	do
motivate sth	motivate
motive (for sth)	motive	for
motor adv./prep.	motor	adv	prep
mould (sth) to sth	mould	to
mould A (into B)	mould	A	into	B
mould B (from/out of/in A)	mould	B	from	out	of	in	A
mould sb/sth	mould
mould sb/sth into sb/sth	mould	into
mound of sth	mound	of
mount (sth)	mount
mount sth	mount
mount sth (on/onto/in sth)	mount	on	onto	in
mount/stand/keep guard (over sb/sth)	mount	stand	keep	guard	over
mountain of sth	mountain	of
mourn (for sb/sth)	mourn	for
mourn sth	mourn
mouse over sth	mouse	over
mouth (of sth)	mouth	of
mouth off (at/about sth)	mouth	off	at	about
mouth sth	mouth
mouthpiece (of/for sb)	mouthpiece	of	for
move (from…) (to…)	move	from	to
move (on/ahead)	move	on	ahead
move (to do sth)	move	to	do
move (towards/to sth)	move	towards	to
move adv./prep.	move	adv	prep
move in (on sb/sth)	move	in	on
move in sth	move	in
move in with sb	move	in	with
move into sth	move	into
move on (to sth)	move	on	to
move sb	move
move sb (from…) (to…)	move	from	to
move sb on	move	on
move sb to do sth	move	to	do
move sb to sth	move	to
move sth	move
move sth (+ adv./prep.)	move	adv	prep
move sth + adv./prep.	move	adv	prep
move that…	move	that
move to/away from sth	move	to	away	from
move, etc. the goalposts	move	etc	the	goalposts
movement (away from/towards sth)	movement	away	from	towards
movement (in sth)	movement	in
mow (sth)	mow
mow sb↔down	mow	sb↔down
muck about/around	muck	about	around
muck about/around with sth	muck	about	around	with
muck sb about/around	muck	about	around
muck sth↔out	muck↔out
muck sth↔up	muck↔up
muddle (about/over sth)	muddle	about	over
muddle A (up) with B	muddle	A	up	with	B
muddle sb (up)	muddle	up
muddle sb/sth (up)	muddle	up
muddle sth	muddle
muddle sth up	muddle	up
muddy sth	muddy
muddy the waters, issue, etc.	muddy	the	waters	issue	etc
muff sth	muff
muffle sb/sth (up) in sth	muffle	up	in
muffle sth	muffle
mug (for sb/sth)	mug	for
mug sb	mug
mug sth↔up	mug↔up
mug up on sth	mug	up	on
mulch sth	mulch
mull sth↔over	mull↔over
multicast sth	multicast
multiply A and B (together)	multiply	A	and	B	together
multiply A by B	multiply	A	by	B
multiply sth	multiply
multitude (of sth/sb)	multitude	of
mumble (to sb/yourself)	mumble	to	yourself
mumble sth (to sb/yourself)	mumble	to	yourself
mumble that…	mumble	that
mummify sth	mummify
munch on/at sth	munch	on	at
munch sth	munch
murder sb	murder
murder sth	murder
murmur (against sb/sth)	murmur	against
murmur (sth)	murmur
murmur that…	murmur	that
muscle in (on sb/sth)	muscle	in	on
muse (about/on/over/upon sth)	muse	about	on	over	upon
muse that…	muse	that
muss sth (up)	muss	up
must-see/must-read/must-have, etc.	mustsee	mustread	musthave	etc
muster sb/sth	muster
muster sth	muster
muster sth (up)	muster	up
mutate (into sth)	mutate	into
mutate sth	mutate
mute sth	mute
mutilate sb/sth	mutilate
mutilate sth	mutilate
mutter (about sth)	mutter	about
mutter (sth) (to sb/yourself) (about sth)	mutter	to	yourself	about
mutter that…	mutter	that
muzzle sb/sth	muzzle
muzzle sth	muzzle
my heart bleeds (for sb)	my	heart	bleeds	for
mystify sb	mystify
nab sb	nab
nab sth	nab
nag (at sb)	nag	at
nag at sb	nag	at
nag sb	nag
nag sb (to do sth)	nag	to	do
nail sb	nail
nail sb↔down (to sth)	nail	sb↔down	to
nail sth	nail
nail sth (+ adv./prep./adj.)	nail	adv	prep	adj
nail sth↔down	nail↔down
nail sth↔up	nail↔up
name sb (as) sth	name	as
name sb (to sth)	name	to
name sb + noun	name	noun
name sb/sth	name
name sb/sth (after sb)	name	after
name sb/sth (for sb)	name	for
name sb/sth + noun	name	noun
name sb/sth as sb/sth	name	as
name sth	name
namecheck sb/sth	namecheck
narrate sth	narrate
narrow sth	narrow
narrow sth↔down (to sth)	narrow↔down	to
nasalize sth	nasalize
nationalize sth	nationalize
native (to…)	native	to
natter (away/on) (about sth)	natter	away	on	about
natural (for sth)	natural	for
naturalize sb	naturalize
naturalize sth	naturalize
nauseate sb	nauseate
navigate (sth)	navigate
navigate sth	navigate
near (doing) sth	near	doing
near (sth)	near
neaten sth	neaten
necessary (for sb/sth) (to do sth)	necessary	for	to	do
necessitate doing sth	necessitate	doing
necessitate sb/sth doing sth	necessitate	doing
necessitate sth	necessitate
necessity (for sb) to do sth	necessity	for	to	do
necessity (for sth)	necessity	for
necessity (of sth/of doing sth)	necessity	of	of	doing
neck (of sth)	neck	of
neck and neck (with sb/sth)	neck	and	neck	with
necklace sb	necklace
need (for sb/sth) to do sth	need	for	to	do
need (for sth)	need	for
need (not) do sth	need	not	do
need (not) have done sth	need	not	have	done
need (to have) your head examined	need	to	have	your	head	examined
need doing sth	need	doing
need sth/sb	need
need to do sth	need	to	do
needle sb	needle
needs must (when the Devil drives)	needs	must	when	the	Devil	drives
negate sth	negate
negative sth	negative
neglect (of sth/sb)	neglect	of
neglect sb/sth	neglect
neglect sth	neglect
neglect to do sth	neglect	to	do
neglectful of sth/sb	neglectful	of
negotiate (with sb) (for/about sth)	negotiate	with	for	about
negotiate sth	negotiate
neither… nor…	neither	nor
nerve yourself for sth/to do sth	nerve	yourself	for	to	do
nervous (about/of doing sth)	nervous	about	of	doing
nervous (about/of sth)	nervous	about	of
nest sth	nest
nestle adv./prep.	nestle	adv	prep
nestle sb/sth + adv./prep.	nestle	adv	prep
net sb/sth	net
net sth	net
nettle sb	nettle
network sth	network
neuter sth	neuter
neutralize sth	neutralize
never mind (about) (doing) sth	never	mind	about	doing
never tire of doing sth	never	tire	of	doing
never/not look back	never	not	look	back
new (to sth)	new	to
new to sb	new	to
new/fresh blood	new	fresh	blood
newcomer (to sth)	newcomer	to
next/second to last	next	second	to	last
nibble (at sth)	nibble	at
nibble (at/on sth)	nibble	at	on
nibble away at sth	nibble	away	at
nibble sth	nibble
nice (doing sth)	nice	doing
nice (that…)	nice	that
nice (to do sth)	nice	to	do
nice about sth	nice	about
nice of sb (to do sth)	nice	of	to	do
nice to sb	nice	to
nick adv./prep.	nick	adv	prep
nick sb (for sth)	nick	for
nick sth (from sb/sth)	nick	from
nick sth/yourself	nick	yourself
nickel-and-dime sth/sb	nickelanddime
nickname sb/sth + noun	nickname	noun
niggle (about/over sth)	niggle	about	over
niggle (at sb)	niggle	at
niggle (at sb) (for sth)	niggle	at	for
niggle sb	niggle
nightmare (for sb)	nightmare	for
nip (at sth)	nip	at
nip adv./prep.	nip	adv	prep
nip sth	nip
nip sth in the bud	nip	in	the	bud
nip sth↔off	nip↔off
nitrify sth	nitrify
nix sth	nix
no …/nothing to speak of	no		nothing	to	speak	of
no amount of sth	no	amount	of
no call (for sb) to do sth	no	call	for	to	do
no call for sth	no	call	for
no end of sth	no	end	of
no good doing sth	no	good	doing
no good to sb	no	good	to
no less than…	no	less	than
no matter who, what, where, etc.	no	matter	who	what	where	etc
no passivecrack sth	no	passivecrack
no sooner… than…	no	sooner	than
no thanks to sb/sth	no	thanks	to
no/any longer	no	any	longer
nobble sb	nobble
nobble sth	nobble
nod (to/at sb)	nod	to	at
nod adv./prep.	nod	adv	prep
nod sth	nod
nod sth (to/at sb)	nod	to	at
nod to/at sb to do sth	nod	to	at	to	do
nominalize sth	nominalize
nominate sb (as) sth	nominate	as
nominate sb (for sth)	nominate	for
nominate sb (to/as sth)	nominate	to	as
nominate sb + noun	nominate	noun
nominate sb to do sth	nominate	to	do
nominate sth (as sth)	nominate	as
non-compliance (with sth)	noncompliance	with
none (of sb/sth)	none	of
norm sth	norm
normalize (sth)	normalize
north of sth	north	of
North/South divide	North	South	divide
nose about/around (for sth)	nose	about	around	for
nose adv./prep.	nose	adv	prep
nose sth↔out	nose↔out
nose your way + adv./prep.	nose	your	way	adv	prep
nosh (sth)	nosh
not (be able to) take your eyes off sb/sth	not	be	able	to	take	your	eyes	off
not (even) go there	not	even	go	there
not a blind bit/the blindest bit of…	not	a	blind	bit	the	blindest	bit	of
not a…	not	a
not a/one jot	not	a	one	jot
not agree with sb	not	agree	with
not all that good, well, etc.	not	all	that	good	well	etc
not all, everything, etc. sb's cracked up to be	not	all	everything	etc	sbs	cracked	up	to	be
not anything like as good, much, etc.	not	anything	like	as	good	much	etc
not anywhere near/nowhere near	not	anywhere	near	nowhere	near
not as bad(ly), etc. as all that	not	as	badly	etc	as	all	that
not as black as he/she/it is painted	not	as	black	as	he	she	it	is	painted
not averse to sth / to doing sth	not	averse	to			to	doing
not be able to do sth to save your life	not	be	able	to	do	to	save	your	life
not be about to do sth	not	be	about	to	do
not be any/much good	not	be	any	much	good
not be fussed (about sb/sth)	not	be	fussed	about
not be in the business of doing sth	not	be	in	the	business	of	doing
not be supposed to do sth	not	be	supposed	to	do
not be/feel up to the mark	not	be	feel	up	to	the	mark
not believe your ears/eyes	not	believe	your	ears	eyes
not bother yourself/your head with/about sth	not	bother	yourself	your	head	with	about
not budge/give/move an inch	not	budge	give	move	an	inch
not by any (manner of) means	not	by	any	manner	of	means
not care for sb/sth	not	care	for
not care/give a damn (about sb/sth)	not	care	give	a	damn	about
not care/give a fig (for sb/sth)	not	care	give	a	fig	for
not care/give a hoot	not	care	give	a	hoot
not care/give tuppence for sb/sth	not	care	give	tuppence	for
not care/give two hoots	not	care	give	two	hoots
not come easy (to sb)	not	come	easy	to
not come/go amiss	not	come	go	amiss
not do anything/a lot/much for sb	not	do	anything	a	lot	much	for
not envy sb	not	envy
not envy sb sth	not	envy
not far off/out/wrong	not	far	off	out	wrong
not for (all) the world	not	for	all	the	world
not for (the) want of doing sth	not	for	the	want	of	doing
not for a/one minute	not	for	a	one	minute
not for a/one moment	not	for	a	one	moment
not for love or/nor money	not	for	love	or	nor	money
not for want/lack of trying	not	for	want	lack	of	trying
not forgetting…	not	forgetting
not get to first base (with sth/sb)	not	get	to	first	base	with
not get/have a wink of sleep	not	get	have	a	wink	of	sleep
not give a fuck (about sb/sth)	not	give	a	fuck	about
not give a shit (about sb/sth)	not	give	a	shit	about
not give a toss (about sb/sth)	not	give	a	toss	about
not give sb the time of day	not	give	the	time	of	day
not give sth houseroom	not	give	houseroom
not go a bundle on sb/sth	not	go	a	bundle	on
not harm/hurt a fly	not	harm	hurt	a	fly
not harm/touch a hair of sb's head	not	harm	touch	a	hair	of	sbs	head
not have a … bone in your body	not	have	a		bone	in	your	body
not have a bar of sth	not	have	a	bar	of
not have a good word to say for sb/sth	not	have	a	good	word	to	say	for
not have a hope (in hell) (of doing sth)	not	have	a	hope	in	hell	of	doing
not have a prayer (of doing sth)	not	have	a	prayer	of	doing
not have Buckley's (chance)	not	have	Buckleys	chance
not have much time for sb/sth	not	have	much	time	for
not have the faintest (idea)	not	have	the	faintest	idea
not have the faintest, first, etc. idea	not	have	the	faintest	first	etc	idea
not have the foggiest (idea)	not	have	the	foggiest	idea
not have the heart (to do sth)	not	have	the	heart	to	do
not have two beans, brain cells, etc. to rub together	not	have	two	beans	brain	cells	etc	to	rub	together
not have/stand a cat in hell's chance (of doing sth)	not	have	stand	a	cat	in	hells	chance	of	doing
not hear of sth	not	hear	of
not hold out any, much, etc. hope (of sth/that…)	not	hold	out	any	much	etc	hope	of	that
not in a/any hurry (to do sth)	not	in	a	any	hurry	to	do
not know beans about sth	not	know	beans	about
not know sb from Adam	not	know	from	Adam
not know the first thing about sb/sth	not	know	the	first	thing	about
not know, etc. the first thing about sth/sb	not	know	etc	the	first	thing	about
not leave sb's side	not	leave	sbs	side
not lift/raise a finger/hand (to do sth)	not	lift	raise	a	finger	hand	to	do
not lose sleep/lose no sleep over sth	not	lose	sleep	lose	no	sleep	over
not mean (sb) any harm	not	mean	any	harm
not mince (your) words	not	mince	your	words
not much of a…	not	much	of	a
not one (little) bit	not	one	little	bit
not one…	not	one
not only… (but) also…	not	only	but	also
not only… but (also)…	not	only	but	also
not put your finger on sth	not	put	your	finger	on
not say, hear, etc. a dicky bird	not	say	hear	etc	a	dicky	bird
not sb's cup of tea	not	sbs	cup	of	tea
not sb's scene	not	sbs	scene
not see eye to eye with sb (on sth)	not	see	eye	to	eye	with	on
not see hide nor hair of sb/sth	not	see	hide	nor	hair	of
not so … (as…)	not	so		as
not so/too hot	not	so	too	hot
not take kindly to sth/sb	not	take	kindly	to
not touch sb/sth with a bargepole	not	touch	with	a	bargepole
not trust sb an inch	not	trust	an	inch
not want to know (about sth)	not	want	to	know	about
not worth the paper it's written/printed on	not	worth	the	paper	its	written	printed	on
not… nor…	not	nor
not/never hear the end of it	not	never	hear	the	end	of	it
not/never in a hundred, etc. years	not	never	in	a	hundred	etc	years
not/never in sb's wildest dreams	not	never	in	sbs	wildest	dreams
not/no later than…	not	no	later	than
notable (for sth)	notable	for
notarize sth	notarize
notch sth	notch
notch sth (up)	notch	up
note (of sth)	note	of
note (that)…	note	that
note how, where, etc…	note	how	where
note sth	note
note sth↔down	note↔down
note that…	note	that
noted as sth	noted	as
noted for sth	noted	for
nothing (much) to write home about	nothing	much	to	write	home	about
nothing of the kind/sort	nothing	of	the	kind	sort
notice (that)…	notice	that
notice how, what, etc…	notice	how	what
notice sb/sth	notice
notice sb/sth do sth	notice	do
notice sb/sth doing sth	notice	doing
noticeable in sb/sth	noticeable	in
noticeable that…	noticeable	that
notify sb	notify
notify sb of sth	notify	of
notify sb that…	notify	that
notify sth to sb	notify	to
notion (of sth)	notion	of
notion (that…)	notion	that
notoriety (as sth)	notoriety	as
notoriety (for sth)	notoriety	for
notorious as sth	notorious	as
notorious for sth/for doing sth	notorious	for	for	doing
nourish sb/sth	nourish
nourish sth	nourish
now (that)…	now	that
now for sb/sth	now	for
now… now…	now	now
nowhere to be found/seen	nowhere	to	be	found	seen
nudge (sth) + adv./prep.	nudge	adv	prep
nudge sb/sth	nudge
nudge sb/sth + adv./prep.	nudge	adv	prep
nudge sth (+ adv./prep.)	nudge	adv	prep
nuke sth	nuke
nullify sth	nullify
numb sb	numb
numb sth	numb
number (of sb/sth)	number	of
number among sth	number	among
number sb/sth among sth	number	among
number sth	number
number sth + noun	number	noun
number sth from… to…	number	from	to
nurse sb	nurse
nurse sb/sth	nurse
nurse sth	nurse
nurture sb/sth	nurture
nurture sth	nurture
nut sb	nut
nut sth out	nut	out
nuts about sb/sth	nuts	about
nuzzle adv./prep.	nuzzle	adv	prep
nuzzle sb/sth	nuzzle
obedience to sb/sth	obedience	to
obedient to sb/sth	obedient	to
obey (sb/sth)	obey
obfuscate (sth)	obfuscate
object (to sb/sth)	object	to
object that…	object	that
object to doing sth/to sb doing sth	object	to	doing	to	doing
objectify sb/sth	objectify
objection (that…)	objection	that
objection (to sth/to doing sth)	objection	to	to	doing
objector (to sth)	objector	to
obligated (to do sth)	obligated	to	do
obligation (to do sth)	obligation	to	do
obligation to do sth	obligation	to	do
obligatory (for sb) (to do sth)	obligatory	for	to	do
oblige sb (by doing sth)	oblige	by	doing
oblige sb (with sth)	oblige	with
oblige sb to do sth	oblige	to	do
obliged (to sb) (for sth/for doing sth)	obliged	to	for	for	doing
obliterate sth	obliterate
oblivious (of sth)	oblivious	of
oblivious (to sth)	oblivious	to
obscure sth	obscure
observance (of sth)	observance	of
observation (about/on sth)	observation	about	on
observe (sb/sth)	observe
observe how, what, etc…	observe	how	what
observe sb/sth	observe
observe sb/sth do sth	observe	do
observe sb/sth doing sth	observe	doing
observe sth	observe
observe that…	observe	that
obsess (about sth)	obsess	about
obsess sb	obsess
obsession (with sb)	obsession	with
obsession with sb/sth	obsession	with
obstacle (to sth/to doing sth)	obstacle	to	to	doing
obstruct sb/sth	obstruct
obstruct sth	obstruct
obtain sth	obtain
obtrude (sth/yourself) (on/upon sb)	obtrude	yourself	on	upon
obviate sth	obviate
obvious (to sb) (that…)	obvious	to	that
occasion (for sth/doing sth)	occasion	for	doing
occasion (of/for sth)	occasion	of	for
occasion (to do sth)	occasion	to	do
occasion sb sth	occasion
occasion sth	occasion
occlude sth	occlude
occupied (doing sth/in doing sth/in sth)	occupied	doing	in	doing	in
occupied (with sth/with doing sth)	occupied	with	with	doing
occupier (of sth)	occupier	of
occupy sb/sth/yourself	occupy	yourself
occupy sb/sth/yourself (in) doing sth	occupy	yourself	in	doing
occupy sb/sth/yourself with sb/sth	occupy	yourself	with
occupy sth	occupy
occur adv./prep.	occur	adv	prep
occur that…	occur	that
occur to do sth	occur	to	do
occur to sb	occur	to
occurrence (of sth)	occurrence	of
OD (on sth)	OD	on
of all people, things, etc.	of	all	people	things	etc
of all the…	of	all	the
of bad/good report	of	bad	good	report
of choice (for sb/sth)	of	choice	for
of little/no avail	of	little	no	avail
of no/little account	of	no	little	account
of one kind, sort, etc. or another	of	one	kind	sort	etc	or	another
of sb's day	of	sbs	day
of some, all, every, etc.	of	some	all	every	etc
of some, all, every, etc. description	of	some	all	every	etc	description
of the highest/first order	of	the	highest	first	order
of… extraction	of	extraction
of/in the order of sth	of	in	the	order	of
off (with sb)	off	with
off (your) guard	off	your	guard
off and on/on and off	off	and	on	on	and	off
off sb	off
off-limits (to sb)	offlimits	to
offence (against sb/sth)	offence	against
offend (against sb/sth)	offend	against
offend (sb)	offend
offend sb/sth	offend
offensive to sb	offensive	to
offer (for sth)	offer	for
offer (of sth)	offer	of
offer (sth)	offer
offer sb sth	offer
offer sth	offer
offer sth (to sb) (for sth)	offer	to	for
offer sth/sb (up) (to sb)	offer	up	to
offer to do sth	offer	to	do
officiate (at sth)	officiate	at
officiate sth	officiate
offload sth/sb	offload
offload sth/sb on/onto sb	offload	on	onto
offset sth	offset
offset sth against sth	offset	against
offshore sth	offshore
ogle (sb)	ogle
oh (dear) God	oh	dear	God
oil sth	oil
OK (for sb) (to do sth)	OK	for	to	do
OK sth	OK
old boy, chap, man, etc.	old	boy	chap	man	etc
old enough to be sb's father/mother	old	enough	to	be	sbs	father	mother
old habits, traditions, etc. die hard	old	habits	traditions	etc	die	hard
old hand (at sth/at doing sth)	old	hand	at	at	doing
omen for sth	omen	for
omission (from sth)	omission	from
omit sth/sb	omit
omit sth/sb from sth	omit	from
omit to do sth	omit	to	do
on (the) television	on	the	television
on a par with sb/sth	on	a	par	with
on account of sb/sth	on	account	of
on behalf of sb	on	behalf	of
on bended knee(s)	on	bended	knees
on course for sth/to do sth	on	course	for	to	do
on either/every hand	on	either	every	hand
on equal terms (with sb)	on	equal	terms	with
on mature reflection/consideration	on	mature	reflection	consideration
on neutral ground/territory	on	neutral	ground	territory
on occasion(s)	on	occasions
on payment of sth	on	payment	of
on production of sth	on	production	of
on sb's account	on	sbs	account
on sb's behalf	on	sbs	behalf
on sb's coat-tails	on	sbs	coattails
on sb's say-so	on	sbs	sayso
on sb's shoulders	on	sbs	shoulders
on sb's tail	on	sbs	tail
on sb's terms	on	sbs	terms
on sth	on
on that/this score	on	that	this	score
on the back of sth	on	the	back	of
on the big, small, high, etc. side	on	the	big	small	high	etc	side
on the off chance (that)	on	the	off	chance	that
on the part of sb/on sb's part	on	the	part	of	on	sbs	part
on the right/wrong side of 40, 50, etc.	on	the	right	wrong	side	of	40	50	etc
on the right/wrong track	on	the	right	wrong	track
on the scent (of sth)	on	the	scent	of
on the strength of sth	on	the	strength	of
on the understanding that…	on	the	understanding	that
on the/your doorstep	on	the	your	doorstep
on this/that account	on	this	that	account
on tiptoe/tiptoes	on	tiptoe	tiptoes
on top of sth/sb	on	top	of
on your (own) head be it	on	your	own	head	be	it
on your/the/its way	on	your	the	its	way
on/from all sides	on	from	all	sides
on/from every side	on	from	every	side
on/from the sidelines	on	from	the	sidelines
on/off (the) air	on	off	the	air
on/off duty	on	off	duty
on/off message	on	off	message
on/off the radar screen	on	off	the	radar	screen
on/onto the defensive	on	onto	the	defensive
on/through the grapevine	on	through	the	grapevine
on/to one side	on	to	one	side
on/to the verge of sth/of doing sth	on	to	the	verge	of	of	doing
on/under oath	on	under	oath
on/under pain of sth	on	under	pain	of
on/walking the streets	on	walking	the	streets
once a…, always a…	once	a	always	a
once, twice, etc. removed	once	twice	etc	removed
one (damned/damn) thing after another	one	damned	damn	thing	after	another
one after another/the other	one	after	another	the	other
one in the eye (for sb/sth)	one	in	the	eye	for
one to do sth	one	to	do
one up (on sb)	one	up	on
one, etc. in a million	one	etc	in	a	million
only have eyes for/have eyes only for sb	only	have	eyes	for	have	eyes	only	for
only to do sth	only	to	do
only too pleased (to do sth)	only	too	pleased	to	do
only too…	only	too
onslaught (against/on sb/sth)	onslaught	against	on
onslaught (of sth)	onslaught	of
oodles (of sth)	oodles	of
ooze from/out of/through sth	ooze	from	out	of	through
ooze sth	ooze
ooze with sth	ooze	with
open (sth)	open
open (to sb)	open	to
open (to sth)	open	to
open (with sth)	open	with
open doors for sb	open	doors	for
open into/onto sth	open	into	onto
open out (to sb)	open	out	to
open season (for sth)	open	season	for
open season for/on sb/sth	open	season	for	on
open sth	open
open sth with sth	open	with
open sth↔up	open↔up
open the way for sb/sth (to do sth)	open	the	way	for	to	do
open to sb	open	to
open to sth	open	to
open up (to sb)	open	up	to
open your/sb's eyes (to sth)	open	your	sbs	eyes	to
open your/sb's mind to sth	open	your	sbs	mind	to
operate (on sb) (for sth)	operate	on	for
operate adv./prep.	operate	adv	prep
operate sth	operate
operation (on sb/sth) (for sth)	operation	on	for
operation (on sb/sth) (to do sth)	operation	on	to	do
opine that…	opine	that
opinion (about/of/on sb/sth)	opinion	about	of	on
opinion (that…)	opinion	that
opponent (of sth)	opponent	of
opportunity (for sth/for doing sth)	opportunity	for	for	doing
opportunity (of doing sth)	opportunity	of	doing
opportunity (to do sth)	opportunity	to	do
oppose (sb/sth) doing sth	oppose	doing
oppose sb	oppose
oppose sb/sth	oppose
opposed (to sth)	opposed	to
opposition (to sb/sth)	opposition	to
oppress sb	oppress
opt for/against sth	opt	for	against
opt in (to sth)	opt	in	to
opt out (of sth)	opt	out	of
opt to do sth	opt	to	do
optimism (about/for sth)	optimism	about	for
optimistic (about sth)	optimistic	about
optimistic (that…)	optimistic	that
optimize sth	optimize
option (of doing sth)	option	of	doing
option (on sth)	option	on
option (to do sth)	option	to	do
option sth	option
or somebody/something/somewhere	or	somebody	something	somewhere
orbit (around) sth	orbit	around
orchestrate sth	orchestrate
ordain sb (as sth)	ordain	as
ordain sb + noun	ordain	noun
ordain sth	ordain
ordain that…	ordain	that
ordeal (of sth/of doing sth)	ordeal	of	of	doing
order (for sb/sth to do sth)	order	for	to	do
order (for sth)	order	for
order (sb) + speech	order	speech
order (sth)	order
order (sth) (for sb)	order	for
order (to do sth)	order	to	do
order sb + adv./prep.	order	adv	prep
order sb about/around	order	about	around
order sb sth	order
order sb to do sth	order	to	do
order sb/yourself sth	order	yourself
order sth	order
order sth (from sb)	order	from
order sth for sb	order	for
order that…	order	that
organize (sb/yourself) (into sth)	organize	yourself	into
organize sth	organize
organize yourself/sb	organize	yourself
orgy (of sth)	orgy	of
orient sb/sth (to/towards sb/sth)	orient	to	towards
orientation to/towards sth	orientation	to	towards
originate adv./prep.	originate	adv	prep
originate sth	originate
ornament sth	ornament
ornament to sth	ornament	to
orphan sb	orphan
oscillate (between A and B)	oscillate	between	A	and	B
oscillation (between A and B)	oscillation	between	A	and	B
oscillation (of sth) (against sth)	oscillation	of	against
oscillation between A and B	oscillation	between	A	and	B
ossify (sth)	ossify
ostracize sb	ostracize
ounce of sth	ounce	of
oust sb (as sth)	oust	as
oust sb (from sth)	oust	from
out (in sth)	out	in
out (of sth)	out	of
out of (all) proportion (to sth)	out	of	all	proportion	to
out of a/the hat	out	of	a	the	hat
out of bounds (to/for sb)	out	of	bounds	to	for
out of contention (for sth)	out	of	contention	for
out of earshot (of sb/sth)	out	of	earshot	of
out of keeping (with sth)	out	of	keeping	with
out of line (with sb/sth)	out	of	line	with
out of range (of sth)	out	of	range	of
out of sth	out	of
out of sth/sb	out	of
out of sympathy with sb/sth	out	of	sympathy	with
out of the mouths of babes (and sucklings)	out	of	the	mouths	of	babes	and	sucklings
out of/off your head	out	of	off	your	head
out sb	out
out/up the wazoo	out	up	the	wazoo
outbid sb (for sth)	outbid	for
outclass sb/sth	outclass
outcry (at/over/against sth)	outcry	at	over	against
outdistance sb/sth	outdistance
outdo sb/sth	outdo
outface sb	outface
outfit sth/sb (with sth)	outfit	with
outflank sb/sth	outflank
outflow (of sth/sb) (from sth)	outflow	of	from
outfox sb	outfox
outgrow sb	outgrow
outgrow sth	outgrow
outgun sb/sth	outgun
outing (to…)	outing	to
outlast sb/sth	outlast
outlaw sb	outlaw
outlaw sth	outlaw
outlay (on sth)	outlay	on
outlet (for sth)	outlet	for
outline sth (against sth)	outline	against
outline sth (to sb)	outline	to
outline what, how, etc…	outline	what	how
outlive sb	outlive
outlive sth	outlive
outlook (for sth)	outlook	for
outlook (on sth)	outlook	on
outmanoeuvre sb/sth	outmanoeuvre
outnumber sb/sth	outnumber
outpace sb/sth	outpace
outperform sb/sth	outperform
outplay sb	outplay
outpoint sb	outpoint
output sth	output
outrage sb	outrage
outrank sb	outrank
outrun sb/sth	outrun
outrun sth	outrun
outsell sb/sth	outsell
outshine sb/sth	outshine
outsmart sb	outsmart
outsource (sth)	outsource
outspoken in sth	outspoken	in
outstay/overstay your welcome	outstay	overstay	your	welcome
outstrip sb	outstrip
outstrip sth	outstrip
outvote sb/sth	outvote
outwards (from sth)	outwards	from
outweigh sth	outweigh
outwit sb/sth	outwit
over against sth	over	against
over and over (again)	over	and	over	again
over sb's head	over	sbs	head
overact (sth)	overact
overawe sb	overawe
overbalance (sb/sth)	overbalance
overbook (sth)	overbook
overburden sb/sth (with sth)	overburden	with
overcharge (sb) (for sth)	overcharge	for
overcome sb	overcome
overcome sb/sth	overcome
overcome sth	overcome
overcompensate (for sth) (by doing sth)	overcompensate	for	by	doing
overcook sth	overcook
overdevelop sth	overdevelop
overdo it/things	overdo	it	things
overdo sth	overdo
overdose (on sth)	overdose	on
overdraw (sth)	overdraw
overdub sb	overdub
overemphasis (on sth)	overemphasis	on
overemphasize sth	overemphasize
overestimate sth	overestimate
overexpose sb/sth	overexpose
overexpose sth	overexpose
overfeed sb/sth	overfeed
overflow (into sth)	overflow	into
overflow (sth)	overflow
overflow (with sth)	overflow	with
overflow sth	overflow
overflow with sth	overflow	with
overfly (sth)	overfly
overfond of sb/sth	overfond	of
overgenerous (with sth)	overgenerous	with
overgraze sth	overgraze
overgrown with sth	overgrown	with
overhang (sth)	overhang
overhaul sb	overhaul
overhaul sth	overhaul
overhear sb do sth	overhear	do
overhear sb doing sth	overhear	doing
overhear sb/sth	overhear
overheat sth	overheat
overindulge (in sth)	overindulge	in
overindulge sb	overindulge
overjoyed (at sth)	overjoyed	at
overjoyed (that…)	overjoyed	that
overjoyed (to do sth)	overjoyed	to	do
overlap (between sth and sth)	overlap	between	and
overlap (sth)	overlap
overlap (with) sth	overlap	with
overlap sth	overlap
overlay sth (with sth)	overlay	with
overlie (sth)	overlie
overload sb (with sth)	overload	with
overload sth	overload
overlook sb (for sth)	overlook	for
overlook sth	overlook
overpay sb	overpay
overplay sth	overplay
overpower sb	overpower
overpower sb/sth	overpower
overprint A (on B)	overprint	A	on	B
overproduce (sth)	overproduce
overrate sb/sth	overrate
overreach (yourself)	overreach	yourself
overreact (to sth)	overreact	to
override sth	override
overrule sb/sth	overrule
overrun sth	overrun
oversee sb/sth	oversee
oversell sb/sth/yourself	oversell	yourself
oversell sth	oversell
overshadow sb/sth	overshadow
overshadow sth	overshadow
overshoot (sth) (by sth)	overshoot	by
overshoot sth	overshoot
overshoot sth (by sth)	overshoot	by
oversimplify (sth)	oversimplify
overspend (on sth)	overspend	on
overspend sth	overspend
overstate sth	overstate
overstay sth	overstay
overstep sth	overstep
overstep the mark/line	overstep	the	mark	line
overstock (sth)	overstock
overstretch sb/sth/yourself	overstretch	yourself
overtake (sb/sth)	overtake
overtake sb/sth	overtake
overtax sb/sth	overtax
overtax sb/sth/yourself	overtax	yourself
overthrow sb/sth	overthrow
overture (to sb)	overture	to
overturn sth	overturn
overuse sth	overuse
overvalue sth	overvalue
overwhelm sb	overwhelm
overwhelm sb/sth	overwhelm
overwinter (sth)	overwinter
overwork sb/sth	overwork
overwrite sth	overwrite
owe sb sth	owe
owe sb sth for sth	owe	for
owe sth (to sb) (for sth)	owe	to	for
owe sth to sb	owe	to
owe sth to sb/sth	owe	to
own (that)…	own	that
own sth	own
own to sth/to doing sth	own	to	to	doing
own up (to sth/to doing sth)	own	up	to	to	doing
oxidize (sth)	oxidize
oxygenate sth	oxygenate
pace (of sth)	pace	of
pace adv./prep.	pace	adv	prep
pace sth	pace
pace sth↔off/out	pace↔off	out
pacify sb	pacify
pacify sth	pacify
pack (sth)	pack
pack a (powerful, real, etc.) punch	pack	a	powerful	real	etc	punch
pack adv./prep.	pack	adv	prep
pack into sth	pack	into
pack sb sth	pack
pack sb/sth in/into sth	pack	in	into
pack sb↔in	pack	sb↔in
pack sb↔off (to…)	pack	sb↔off	to
pack sth	pack
pack sth (down)	pack	down
pack sth (in sth)	pack	in
pack sth (in/with sth)	pack	in	with
pack sth (up) (in/into sth)	pack	up	in	into
pack sth (with sth)	pack	with
pack sth↔away	pack↔away
pack sth↔in	pack↔in
pack sth↔out	pack↔out
pack sth↔up	pack↔up
package sb/sth (as sth)	package	as
package sth	package
package sth up	package	up
packed with sth	packed	with
pact (between A and B)	pact	between	A	and	B
pact (with sb) (to do sth)	pact	with	to	do
pad adv./prep.	pad	adv	prep
pad sth	pad
pad sth (with sth)	pad	with
pad sth↔out	pad↔out
paddle adv./prep.	paddle	adv	prep
paddle sb/sth	paddle
paddle sth (+ adv./prep.)	paddle	adv	prep
padlock sth	padlock
padlock sth to sth	padlock	to
page sb	page
page through sth	page	through
pageant (of sth)	pageant	of
paginate sth	paginate
pain sb	pain
painful (doing sth)	painful	doing
painful (for sb) (to do sth)	painful	for	to	do
paint (in sth)	paint	in
paint (sth)	paint
paint a (grim, gloomy, rosy, etc.) picture of sb/sth	paint	a	grim	gloomy	rosy	etc	picture	of
paint over sth	paint	over
paint sb/sth as sth	paint	as
paint sb/sth in…	paint	in
paint sth	paint
paint sth (with sth)	paint	with
paint sth + adj./noun	paint	adj	noun
paint sth on sth	paint	on
paint sth with a broad brush	paint	with	a	broad	brush
paint sth/sb	paint
paint sth↔out	paint↔out
pair A (and B) (together)	pair	A	and	B	together
pair A with B	pair	A	with	B
pair off (with sb)	pair	off	with
pair sb↔off (with sb)	pair	sb↔off	with
pair sb↔up (with sb)	pair	sb↔up	with
pair up (with sb)	pair	up	with
pal around (with sb)	pal	around	with
pal up (with sb)	pal	up	with
palatable (to sb)	palatable	to
palatalize sth	palatalize
pale (at sth)	pale	at
pale beside/next to sth	pale	beside	next	to
pale in/by comparison (with/to sth)	pale	in	by	comparison	with	to
pall (on sb)	pall	on
pall of sth	pall	of
palliate sth	palliate
palm sb↔off (with sth)	palm	sb↔off	with
palm sth	palm
palm sth off as sth	palm	off	as
palm sth↔off (on/onto sb)	palm↔off	on	onto
palpate sth	palpate
pamper sb	pamper
pan (for) sth	pan	for
pan adv./prep.	pan	adv	prep
pan sth	pan
pan sth + adv./prep.	pan	adv	prep
pan-fry sth	panfry
panacea (for sth)	panacea	for
pander to sth/sb	pander	to
panel sth	panel
panic sb into doing sth	panic	into	doing
panic sb/sth	panic
pant for/after sb/sth	pant	for	after
paper over sth	paper	over
paper sth	paper
parachute adv./prep.	parachute	adv	prep
parachute sb/sth + adv./prep.	parachute	adv	prep
parade adv./prep.	parade	adv	prep
parade as sth	parade	as
parade sb + adv./prep.	parade	adv	prep
parade sb/sth + adv./prep.	parade	adv	prep
parade sb/sth/yourself as sth	parade	yourself	as
parallel sth	parallel
parallel to/with sth	parallel	to	with
paralyse sb	paralyse
paralyse sth	paralyse
paraphrase (sth)	paraphrase
parboil sth	parboil
parcel sth (up)	parcel	up
parcel sth↔out	parcel↔out
parch sth	parch
pardon (for sth)	pardon	for
pardon me for doing sth	pardon	me	for	doing
pardon sb	pardon
pardon sb (for sth/for doing sth)	pardon	for	for	doing
pardon sb doing sth	pardon	doing
pardon sth	pardon
pare sth	pare
pare sth (back/down)	pare	back	down
pare sth from sth	pare	from
pare sth off/away	pare	off	away
parity (between A and B)	parity	between	A	and	B
parity (with sb/sth)	parity	with
park (sth)	park
park sth	park
park sth↔up	park↔up
park yourself + adv./prep.	park	yourself	adv	prep
parlay sth into sth	parlay	into
parley (with sb)	parley	with
parody (of sth)	parody	of
parody sb/sth	parody
parole sb	parole
paroxysm (of sth)	paroxysm	of
parrot sb/sth	parrot
parry (sth)	parry
parry sth	parry
parse sth	parse
part and parcel of sth	part	and	parcel	of
part company (with/from sb)	part	company	with	from
part from sb	part	from
part of sth	part	of
part sb (from sb)	part	from
part sth	part
part with sth	part	with
part-exchange sth	partexchange
partake (in sth)	partake	in
partake (of sth)	partake	of
partake of sth	partake	of
partial (towards sb/sth)	partial	towards
partial to sb/sth	partial	to
partiality for sth/sb	partiality	for
participant (in sth)	participant	in
participate (in sth)	participate	in
participation in sth	participation	in
particular (about/over sth)	particular	about	over
particularize (sth)	particularize
partition sth	partition
partition sth into sth	partition	into
partition sth↔off	partition↔off
partner sb	partner
partnership between A and B	partnership	between	A	and	B
partnership with sb/sth	partnership	with
pass (between A and B)	pass	between	A	and	B
pass (on sth)	pass	on
pass (to sb)	pass	to
pass adv./prep.	pass	adv	prep
pass as sb/sth	pass	as
pass by (sb/sth)	pass	by
pass for/as sb/sth	pass	for	as
pass from sth to/into sth	pass	from	to	into
pass into sth	pass	into
pass out (of sth)	pass	out	of
pass over sth	pass	over
pass sb	pass
pass sb sth	pass
pass sb/sth	pass
pass sb/sth by	pass	by
pass sb/yourself/sth off as sb/sth	pass	yourself	off	as
pass sb↔over	pass	sb↔over
pass sth	pass
pass sth (on sb/sth)	pass	on
pass sth (to sb)	pass	to
pass sth + adv./prep.	pass	adv	prep
pass sth↔around/round	pass↔around	round
pass sth↔down	pass↔down
pass sth↔on (to sb)	pass↔on	to
pass sth↔up	pass↔up
pass the hat round/around	pass	the	hat	round	around
pass the time of day (with sb)	pass	the	time	of	day	with
pass through…	pass	through
pass to sb	pass	to
passion (for sb)	passion	for
passion (for sth)	passion	for
passivize sth	passivize
passport to sth	passport	to
past master (at sth/at doing sth)	past	master	at	at	doing
paste (sth)	paste
paste sth	paste
paste sth + adv./prep.	paste	adv	prep
pasteurize sth	pasteurize
pasture sth	pasture
pat sb/yourself on the back	pat	yourself	on	the	back
pat sth	pat
pat sth + adj.	pat	adj
patch sb/sth through (to sb/sth)	patch	through	to
patch sth (with sth)	patch	with
patch sth/sb↔up	patch	sb↔up
patch sth↔together	patch↔together
patent sth	patent
patience (with sb/sth)	patience	with
patient (with sb/sth)	patient	with
patrol (sth)	patrol
patrol sth	patrol
patronize (sb)	patronize
patronize sb/sth	patronize
patronize sth	patronize
patter adv./prep.	patter	adv	prep
pattern sth	pattern
pattern sth on sth	pattern	on
patterned with sth	patterned	with
paucity (of sth)	paucity	of
pause (in sth)	pause	in
pause sth	pause
pave sth (with sth)	pave	with
pave the way (for sb/sth)	pave	the	way	for
paw at sth	paw	at
paw sb	paw
paw sth	paw
pawn sth	pawn
pay (for sth)	pay	for
pay (with sth)	pay	with
pay a/the price (for sth/for doing sth)	pay	a	the	price	for	for	doing
pay court to sb	pay	court	to
pay for sb to do sth	pay	for	to	do
pay good money for sth	pay	good	money	for
pay sb (for sth)	pay	for
pay sb back (for sth)	pay	back	for
pay sb back (sth)	pay	back
pay sb sth	pay
pay sb/sth to do sth	pay	to	do
pay sb↔off	pay	sb↔off
pay sth	pay
pay sth for sth	pay	for
pay sth into sth	pay	into
pay sth to sb	pay	to
pay sth↔back (to sb)	pay↔back	to
pay sth↔down	pay↔down
pay sth↔in	pay↔in
pay sth↔off	pay↔off
pay sth↔out	pay↔out
pay the penalty (for sth/for doing sth)	pay	the	penalty	for	for	doing
pay through the nose (for sth)	pay	through	the	nose	for
pay your respects (to sb)	pay	your	respects	to
pay, earn, charge, etc. top dollar	pay	earn	charge	etc	top	dollar
payment (for sth)	payment	for
peach (of a…)	peach	of	a
peal (of sth)	peal	of
peal (out)	peal	out
peal (with sth)	peal	with
peck (at sth)	peck	at
peck at sth	peck	at
peck sb on sth	peck	on
peck sth	peck
peck sth out	peck	out
peculiar (to sb/sth)	peculiar	to
pedal adv./prep.	pedal	adv	prep
pedal sth	pedal
pedal sth + adv./prep.	pedal	adv	prep
peddle sth	peddle
pedestrianize sth	pedestrianize
peek adv./prep.	peek	adv	prep
peek out/over/through, etc.	peek	out	over	through	etc
peel (off)	peel	off
peel (sth) away/off/back	peel	away	off	back
peel (sth)↔off	peel↔off
peel sth	peel
peep (sth)	peep
peep adv./prep.	peep	adv	prep
peer adv./prep.	peer	adv	prep
peeved (about sth)	peeved	about
peg away (at sth)	peg	away	at
peg sb as sth	peg	as
peg sb/sth↔back	peg	sb↔back
peg sth (at sth)	peg	at
peg sth (out) + adv./prep.	peg	out	adv	prep
peg sth (to sth)	peg	to
peg sth to sth	peg	to
pelt (down)	pelt	down
pelt adv./prep.	pelt	adv	prep
pelt sb (with sth)	pelt	with
pen sb/sth (in/up)	pen	in	up
pen sth	pen
penalize sb	penalize
penalize sb (for sth)	penalize	for
penalize sth	penalize
penalty (for sth)	penalty	for
penalty (of sth)	penalty	of
penance for sth	penance	for
penchant for sth	penchant	for
pencil sth	pencil
pencil sth/sb↔in	pencil	sb↔in
penetrate into sth	penetrate	into
penetrate into/through/to sth	penetrate	into	through	to
penetrate sb/sth	penetrate
penetrate sth	penetrate
pension sb off	pension	off
people (who live) in glass houses shouldn't throw stones	people	who	live	in	glass	houses	shouldnt	throw	stones
people sth (with sth)	people	with
pep sb/sth↔up	pep	sb↔up
pepper sb/sth with sth	pepper	with
pepper sth	pepper
pepper sth with sth	pepper	with
perambulate (sth)	perambulate
perceive sb/sth to be/have sth	perceive	to	be	have
perceive sb/sth/yourself (as sth)	perceive	yourself	as
perceive sth	perceive
perceive that…	perceive	that
perception that…	perception	that
perch (on sth)	perch	on
perch sb/yourself (on sth)	perch	yourself	on
perched on, etc. sth	perched	on	etc
percolate (sth)	percolate
percolate adv./prep.	percolate	adv	prep
perfect for sb/sth	perfect	for
perfect sth	perfect
perforate sth	perforate
perform (sth)	perform
perform sth	perform
perfume sth (with sth)	perfume	with
peril (of sth)	peril	of
peripheral to sth	peripheral	to
perish (sth)	perish
perk sb↔up	perk	sb↔up
perk sth↔up	perk↔up
perm sth	perm
permeable (to sth)	permeable	to
permeate adv./prep.	permeate	adv	prep
permeate sth	permeate
permissible (for sb) (to do sth)	permissible	for	to	do
permission (for sb/sth) (to do sth)	permission	for	to	do
permission (for sth)	permission	for
permit sb/sth to do sth	permit	to	do
permit sb/yourself sth	permit	yourself
permit sb/yourself to do sth	permit	yourself	to	do
permit sth	permit
perpendicular (to sth)	perpendicular	to
perpetrate sth	perpetrate
perpetrate sth against/upon/on sb	perpetrate	against	upon	on
perpetuate sth	perpetuate
perplex sb	perplex
perquisite (of sb)	perquisite	of
persecute sb	persecute
persecute sb (for sth)	persecute	for
persevere (in sth/in doing sth)	persevere	in	in	doing
persevere (with sth/sb)	persevere	with
persist (in doing sth)	persist	in	doing
persist (in sth)	persist	in
persist (with sth)	persist	with
personalize sth	personalize
personification of sth	personification	of
personify sth	personify
personify sth (as sb)	personify	as
perspective on sth	perspective	on
persuade sb	persuade
persuade sb into sth/into doing sth	persuade	into	into	doing
persuade sb of sth	persuade	of
persuade sb to do sth	persuade	to	do
persuade sb/yourself that…	persuade	yourself	that
pertain to sth/sb	pertain	to
pertinent to sth	pertinent	to
perturb sb	perturb
perturbed at/about sth	perturbed	at	about
peruse sth	peruse
pervade sth	pervade
pervert sb/sth	pervert
pervert sth	pervert
pessimism (about/over sth)	pessimism	about	over
pessimistic (about sth)	pessimistic	about
pester (sb to do sth)	pester	to	do
pester sb for sth	pester	for
pester sb with sth	pester	with
pester sb/sth	pester
pet sb/sth	pet
petition (against/for sth)	petition	against	for
petition (sb) (for sth)	petition	for
petition for/against sth	petition	for	against
petition sb/sth (for sth)	petition	for
petition sb/sth to do sth	petition	to	do
petrified (of sth)	petrified	of
petrified (that…)	petrified	that
petrify (sth)	petrify
petrify sb	petrify
phase sth	phase
phase sth↔in	phase↔in
phase sth↔out	phase↔out
philosophical (about sth)	philosophical	about
philosophize (about/on sth)	philosophize	about	on
phone sb/sth	phone
phone sth↔in	phone↔in
photocopy (sth)	photocopy
photograph sb/sth	photograph
photograph sb/sth + adj.	photograph	adj
photograph sb/sth doing sth	photograph	doing
photoshop sth	photoshop
photosynthesize (sth)	photosynthesize
phrase (sth)	phrase
phrase sth (+ adv./prep.)	phrase	adv	prep
phrase sth as sth	phrase	as
pick (sth)	pick
pick a fight/quarrel (with sb)	pick	a	fight	quarrel	with
pick at sth	pick	at
pick holes in sth	pick	holes	in
pick on sb/sth	pick	on
pick sb up on sth	pick	up	on
pick sb's brains	pick	sbs	brains
pick sb's pocket	pick	sbs	pocket
pick sb/sth	pick
pick sb/sth to do sth	pick	to	do
pick sb/sth↔out	pick	sb↔out
pick sb/sth↔up	pick	sb↔up
pick sb↔off	pick	sb↔off
pick sb↔up	pick	sb↔up
pick sth	pick
pick sth + adj.	pick	adj
pick sth + adv./prep.	pick	adv	prep
pick sth up	pick	up
pick sth↔off	pick↔off
pick sth↔out	pick↔out
pick sth↔over	pick↔over
pick sth↔up	pick↔up
pick through sth	pick	through
pick up on sth	pick	up	on
pick up the bill, tab, etc. (for sth)	pick	up	the	bill	tab	etc	for
pick up/take the ball and run with it	pick	up	take	the	ball	and	run	with	it
pick your way (across, along, among, over, through sth)	pick	your	way	across	along	among	over	through
pick/pull/tear sb/sth to pieces/shreds	pick	pull	tear	to	pieces	shreds
picket (sth)	picket
pickle sth	pickle
pickup (in sth)	pickup	in
picture sb/sth	picture
picture sb/sth (+ adv./prep/adj.)	picture	adv	prep	adj
picture sb/sth as sth	picture	as
picture sb/sth doing sth	picture	doing
picture what, how, etc…	picture	what	how
picturize sth	picturize
piece (of sth)	piece	of
piece of sth	piece	of
piece sth↔together	piece↔together
pierce (through) sth	pierce	through
pierce sb	pierce
pierce sth	pierce
pierce through sth	pierce	through
pig out (on sth)	pig	out	on
pig sth	pig
pig yourself (on sth)	pig	yourself	on
pigeonhole sb (as sth)	pigeonhole	as
pigeonhole sth	pigeonhole
piggyback on sb/sth	piggyback	on
pike on sb	pike	on
pile A with B	pile	A	with	B
pile adv./prep.	pile	adv	prep
pile B in(to) A	pile	B	into	A
pile B on(to) A	pile	B	onto	A
pile of sth	pile	of
pile on the agony/gloom	pile	on	the	agony	gloom
pile sth	pile
pile sth on(to) sb	pile	onto
pile sth up	pile	up
pile sth↔on	pile↔on
pilfer (from sb/sth)	pilfer	from
pilfer sth (from sb/sth)	pilfer	from
pillage sth	pillage
pillage sth from sth	pillage	from
pillar of sth	pillar	of
pillory sb	pillory
pillow sth (+ adv./prep.)	pillow	adv	prep
pilot sth	pilot
pilot sth (through sth)	pilot	through
pimp (for sb)	pimp	for
pimp sth	pimp
pimp sth up	pimp	up
pin (all) your hopes on sb/sth	pin	all	your	hopes	on
pin sb/sth + adv./prep.	pin	adv	prep
pin sb↔down	pin	sb↔down
pin sb↔down (to sth/doing sth)	pin	sb↔down	to	doing
pin sth + adv./prep.	pin	adv	prep
pin sth on sb	pin	on
pin sth↔down	pin↔down
pin your faith on sb/sth	pin	your	faith	on
pinch (sb/sth)	pinch
pinch sb	pinch
pinch sb/sth	pinch
pinch sb/sth/yourself	pinch	yourself
pinch sth (+ adv./prep.)	pinch	adv	prep
pinch sth (from sb/sth)	pinch	from
pinch sth↔off/out	pinch↔off	out
pinch-hit (for sb)	pinchhit	for
pine for sb/sth	pine	for
ping (sth)	ping
ping sth	ping
ping sth (to sb)	ping	to
pinion sb/sth + adv./prep.	pinion	adv	prep
pinnacle of sth	pinnacle	of
pinpoint sth	pinpoint
pioneer (in/of sth)	pioneer	in	of
pioneer sth	pioneer
pip sb	pip
pipe (sb)	pipe
pipe sth (+ adv./prep.)	pipe	adv	prep
pipe sth (on sth)	pipe	on
pipe up (with sth)	pipe	up	with
pique sb's interest, curiosity, etc.	pique	sbs	interest	curiosity	etc
pique sb/sth	pique
pirate sth	pirate
piss about/around	piss	about	around
piss sb about/around	piss	about	around
piss sb↔off	piss	sb↔off
piss yourself (laughing)	piss	yourself	laughing
pistol-whip sb	pistolwhip
pit sb/sth against sth	pit	against
pit sth	pit
pitch (for sth)	pitch	for
pitch (sth)	pitch
pitch (sth) + adv./prep.	pitch	adv	prep
pitch a story/line/yarn (to sb)	pitch	a	story	line	yarn	to
pitch adv./prep.	pitch	adv	prep
pitch doing sth	pitch	doing
pitch in (with sb/sth)	pitch	in	with
pitch into sb	pitch	into
pitch into sth	pitch	into
pitch sb/sth + adv./prep.	pitch	adv	prep
pitch sth	pitch
pitch sth (+ adv./prep./adj.)	pitch	adv	prep	adj
pitch sth (as sth)	pitch	as
pitch sth (at sb)	pitch	at
pitch sth (at sth)	pitch	at
pitch sth + adj.	pitch	adj
pitch sth↔in	pitch↔in
pity (for sb/sth)	pity	for
pity sb	pity
pity sb doing sth	pity	doing
pivot (sth) (+ adv./prep.)	pivot	adv	prep
pivot on/around sth	pivot	on	around
pixelate sth	pixelate
placate sb	placate
place (in sth)	place	in
place (sth)	place
place sb (in sth)	place	in
place sb (with sb/sth)	place	with
place sb/sth	place
place sb/sth + adj.	place	adj
place sb/sth + adv./prep.	place	adv	prep
place sb/yourself + adv./prep.	place	yourself	adv	prep
place sth	place
place sth + adv./prep.	place	adv	prep
place sth on sth/doing sth	place	on	doing
plagiarize (sth)	plagiarize
plague of sth	plague	of
plague sb (with sth)	plague	with
plague sb/sth (with sth)	plague	with
plait sth	plait
plan (for sth)	plan	for
plan (for/of sth)	plan	for	of
plan (to do sth)	plan	to	do
plan how, what, etc…	plan	how	what
plan on sth/on doing sth	plan	on	on	doing
plan sth	plan
plan sth for sth	plan	for
plan sth↔out	plan↔out
plan that…	plan	that
plan to do sth	plan	to	do
plane sth	plane
plane sth + adj.	plane	adj
plant sb (in sth)	plant	in
plant sth	plant
plant sth (+ adv./prep.)	plant	adv	prep
plant sth (in sth)	plant	in
plant sth (on sb)	plant	on
plant sth with sth	plant	with
plant sth/yourself + adv./prep.	plant	yourself	adv	prep
plant sth↔out	plant↔out
plaster over sth	plaster	over
plaster sb/sth/yourself in/with sth	plaster	yourself	in	with
plaster sth	plaster
plaster sth + adv./prep.	plaster	adv	prep
plasticize sth	plasticize
plate sth (with sth)	plate	with
plateau (out)	plateau	out
play (a game of) cat and mouse with sb	play	a	game	of	cat	and	mouse	with
play (it) safe	play	it	safe
play (merry) hell with sth/sb	play	merry	hell	with
play (sb sth)	play
play (silly) games (with sb)	play	silly	games	with
play (sth)	play
play (sth) (on sth)	play	on
play (sth) (with/against sb)	play	with	against
play (sth) by ear	play	by	ear
play (to sb)	play	to
play a cat-and-mouse game with sb	play	a	catandmouse	game	with
play A off against B	play	A	off	against	B
play a trick/tricks (on sb)	play	a	trick	tricks	on
play about/around (with sb/sth)	play	about	around	with
play adv./prep.	play	adv	prep
play against sb	play	against
play along (with sb/sth)	play	along	with
play at doing sth	play	at	doing
play at sth/at doing sth	play	at	at	doing
play away (from home)	play	away	from	home
play ball (with sb)	play	ball	with
play by sb's (own) rules	play	by	sbs	own	rules
play fast and loose (with sb/sth)	play	fast	and	loose	with
play footsie with sb	play	footsie	with
play for sb	play	for
play into sb's hands	play	into	sbs	hands
play on/upon sth	play	on	upon
play sb	play
play sb (+ adv./prep.)	play	adv	prep
play sb at sth	play	at
play sb sth	play
play sb up	play	up
play sb's game	play	sbs	game
play second fiddle (to sb/sth)	play	second	fiddle	to
play sth	play
play sth (for sb)	play	for
play sth (on sth)	play	on
play sth + adv./prep.	play	adv	prep
play sth to sb	play	to
play sth↔back (to sb)	play↔back	to
play sth↔down	play↔down
play sth↔out	play↔out
play sth↔up	play↔up
play the … card	play	the		card
play with sb/sth	play	with
play with sth	play	with
play yourself/itself out	play	yourself	itself	out
plea (for sth)	plea	for
plea (to sb) (to do sth)	plea	to	to	do
plea of sth	plea	of
plead (with sb) (for sth)	plead	with	for
plead (with sb) (to do sth)	plead	with	to	do
plead for sb/sth	plead	for
plead sth	plead
plead sth (for sth)	plead	for
plead that…	plead	that
plead to do sth	plead	to	do
pleasant to sb	pleasant	to
please (sb)	please
pleased (that…)	pleased	that
pleased (to hear, know, etc. sth)	pleased	to	hear	know	etc
pleased (with sb/sth)	pleased	with
pleased to do sth	pleased	to	do
pleasing to sb/sth	pleasing	to
pleasure (in sth/in doing sth)	pleasure	in	in	doing
pleasure (of sth/of doing sth)	pleasure	of	of	doing
plebiscite (on sth)	plebiscite	on
pledge (of sth)	pledge	of
pledge (that…)	pledge	that
pledge (that)…	pledge	that
pledge (to do sth)	pledge	to	do
pledge sb/yourself (to sth)	pledge	yourself	to
pledge sb/yourself to do sth	pledge	yourself	to	do
pledge sth	pledge
pledge sth to sb/sth	pledge	to
pledge to do sth	pledge	to	do
plenty (of sth)	plenty	of
plod adv./prep.	plod	adv	prep
plod along/on	plod	along	on
plonk sth + adv./prep.	plonk	adv	prep
plonk yourself (down)	plonk	yourself	down
plop (yourself) (down)	plop	yourself	down
plop adv./prep.	plop	adv	prep
plop sth + adv./prep.	plop	adv	prep
plot (to do sth)	plot	to	do
plot (with sb) (against sb)	plot	with	against
plot sth	plot
plot sth (on sth)	plot	on
plot to do sth	plot	to	do
plough (sth)	plough
plough (your way) through sth	plough	your	way	through
plough into sb/sth	plough	into
plough on (with sth)	plough	on	with
plough sth into sth	plough	into
plough sth↔back (in/into sth)	plough↔back	in	into
plough sth↔back in	plough↔back	in
plough sth↔up	plough↔up
ploy to do sth	ploy	to	do
pluck (at) sth	pluck	at
pluck at sth	pluck	at
pluck sb (from sth) (to sth)	pluck	from	to
pluck sth	pluck
pluck sth (from sth)	pluck	from
pluck sth (out)	pluck	out
pluck sth out of the air	pluck	out	of	the	air
pluck up (the) courage (to do sth)	pluck	up	the	courage	to	do
plug away (at sth)	plug	away	at
plug into sth	plug	into
plug sb	plug
plug sth	plug
plug sth (up)	plug	up
plug sth into sth	plug	into
plug sth↔in	plug↔in
plumb sth	plumb
plumb sth↔in	plumb↔in
plumb the depths of sth	plumb	the	depths	of
plump for sb/sth	plump	for
plump sth (up)	plump	up
plunder sth (from sth)	plunder	from
plunder sth (of sth)	plunder	of
plunge (in sth)	plunge	in
plunge adv./prep.	plunge	adv	prep
plunge into sth	plunge	into
plunge sb/sth + adv./prep.	plunge	adv	prep
plunge sb/sth into sth	plunge	into
plunge sth in	plunge	in
plunge sth into sth	plunge	into
plunk down sth	plunk	down
plunk sth	plunk
plunk sth + adv./prep.	plunk	adv	prep
pluralize sth	pluralize
ply adv./prep.	ply	adv	prep
ply for hire/trade/business	ply	for	hire	trade	business
ply sb with sth	ply	with
ply sth	ply
poach (sb/sth) (from sb/sth)	poach	from
poach (sth)	poach
poach sth	poach
pocket sth	pocket
point (at/to/towards sb/sth)	point	at	to	towards
point a/the finger (at sb)	point	a	the	finger	at
point adv./prep.	point	adv	prep
point out (to sb)	point	out	to
point sb + adv./prep.	point	adv	prep
point sb/sth↔out (to sb)	point	sb↔out	to
point sth	point
point sth (at sb/sth)	point	at
point sth↔out (to sb)	point↔out	to
point sth↔up	point↔up
point that…	point	that
point to sth	point	to
pointer (to sth)	pointer	to
poise adv./prep.	poise	adv	prep
poise sth/yourself + adv./prep.	poise	yourself	adv	prep
poise sth/yourself to do sth	poise	yourself	to	do
poised (in, on, above, etc. sth)	poised	in	on	above	etc
poised (on, above, over, etc. sth)	poised	on	above	over	etc
poised for sth	poised	for
poised to do sth	poised	to	do
poison sb/yourself (with sth)	poison	yourself	with
poison sth	poison
poke about/around	poke	about	around
poke adv./prep.	poke	adv	prep
poke at sth	poke	at
poke fun at sb/sth	poke	fun	at
poke sb	poke
poke sb/sth	poke
poke sb/sth with sth	poke	with
poke sth + adv./prep.	poke	adv	prep
poke sth into sth	poke	into
poke/stick your nose into sth	poke	stick	your	nose	into
polarity (between A and B)	polarity	between	A	and	B
polarize sth	polarize
pole (sth) + adv.prep.	pole	advprep
poleaxe sb	poleaxe
police sth	police
policy (on sth)	policy	on
polish (sth)	polish
polish sb↔off	polish	sb↔off
polish sth	polish
polish sth (up) (with sth)	polish	up	with
polish sth up	polish	up
polish sth↔off	polish↔off
politicize sb/sth	politicize
politicize sth	politicize
poll adv./prep.	poll	adv	prep
poll sb	poll
poll sth	poll
pollard sth	pollard
pollinate sth	pollinate
pollute sth	pollute
pollute sth by/with sth	pollute	by	with
polymerize (sth)	polymerize
ponce about/around	ponce	about	around
ponder (about/on/over sth)	ponder	about	on	over
ponder sth	ponder
ponder whether, what, etc…	ponder	whether	what
pontificate (about/on sth)	pontificate	about	on
pony up sth	pony	up
pooh-pooh sth	poohpooh
pool (of sth)	pool	of
pool sth	pool
poop sb (out)	poop	out
poor in sth	poor	in
pootle adv./prep.	pootle	adv	prep
pop (sth)	pop
pop adv./prep.	pop	adv	prep
pop sth	pop
pop sth/sb + adv./prep.	pop	adv	prep
pop sth↔on	pop↔on
popular (with sb)	popular	with
popularity with/among sb	popularity	with	among
popularize sb/sth	popularize
popularize sth	popularize
populate sth	populate
pore over sth	pore	over
port sth (to sth)	port	to
portend sth	portend
portion sth	portion
portion sth out	portion	out
portray sb/sth	portray
portray sb/sth (as sb/sth)	portray	as
pose (for sb/sth)	pose	for
pose as sb	pose	as
pose sth	pose
posit sth	posit
posit that…	posit	that
position (on sth)	position	on
position sth (+ adv./prep.)	position	adv	prep
position to do sth	position	to	do
positive (about sth)	positive	about
positive (that…)	positive	that
possess sb	possess
possess sb to do sth	possess	to	do
possess sth	possess
possessed (by sth)	possessed	by
possessive (of/about sb/sth)	possessive	of	about
possessive (of/about sth)	possessive	of	about
possibility (of sth/of doing sth)	possibility	of	of	doing
possibility (that…)	possibility	that
post (on sth)	post	on
post sb + adv./prep.	post	adv	prep
post sb sth	post
post sb/sth + adj.	post	adj
post sth	post
post sth (off) (to sb)	post	off	to
post sth (on sth)	post	on
post sth + adv./prep.	post	adv	prep
post-date sth	postdate
post-mortem (on sth)	postmortem	on
post-mortem on sb	postmortem	on
post-sync sth	postsync
postmark sth	postmark
postpone doing sth	postpone	doing
postpone sth	postpone
postpone sth to/until sth	postpone	to	until
postscript (to sth)	postscript	to
postulate sth	postulate
postulate that…	postulate	that
posture (as sth)	posture	as
pot sth	pot
pot-roast sth	potroast
potential (for doing sth)	potential	for	doing
potential (for)	potential	for
potter adv./prep.	potter	adv	prep
potty about sb/sth	potty	about
potty-train sb	pottytrain
pounce on/upon sb/sth	pounce	on	upon
pounce on/upon sth	pounce	on	upon
pound (out)	pound	out
pound adv./prep.	pound	adv	prep
pound at/against/on sth	pound	at	against	on
pound away (at/against/on sth)	pound	away	at	against	on
pound sb/sth (with sth)	pound	with
pound sth	pound
pound sth (to/into sth)	pound	to	into
pound sth↔out	pound↔out
pour (down)	pour	down
pour (down) rain	pour	down	rain
pour (sth)	pour
pour adv./prep.	pour	adv	prep
pour oil on troubled water(s)	pour	oil	on	troubled	waters
pour out/open your heart to sb	pour	out	open	your	heart	to
pour sb sth	pour
pour sth (+ adv./prep.)	pour	adv	prep
pour sth for sb	pour	for
pour sth into sth	pour	into
pour sth out	pour	out
pour sth↔out	pour↔out
pour/heap scorn on sb/sth	pour	heap	scorn	on
pour/throw cold water on sth	pour	throw	cold	water	on
pout (sth)	pout
powder sth	powder
power (of sth)	power	of
power (over sb/sth)	power	over
power (to do sth)	power	to	do
power adv./prep.	power	adv	prep
power sth	power
power sth + adv./prep.	power	adv	prep
power sth↔down	power↔down
power sth↔up	power↔up
powerless to do sth	powerless	to	do
practise (sth) on sb/sth	practise	on
practise as sth	practise	as
practise doing sth	practise	doing
practise for sth	practise	for
practise sth	practise
practised in sth	practised	in
praise sb	praise
praise sb/sth	praise
praise sb/sth as sth	praise	as
praise sb/sth for sth/for doing sth	praise	for	for	doing
praise sb/sth to the skies	praise	to	the	skies
prance adv./prep.	prance	adv	prep
prang sth	prang
prate (on) (about sth)	prate	on	about
prattle (on/away) (about sb/sth)	prattle	on	away	about
pray (for sth)	pray	for
pray (that)…	pray	that
pray for sb/sth	pray	for
pray that…	pray	that
pray to do sth	pray	to	do
pray to sb (for sb/sth)	pray	to	for
prayer (for sb/sth)	prayer	for
pre-book sth	prebook
pre-empt sb/sth	preempt
pre-empt sth	preempt
pre-record sth	prerecord
pre-teach sth	preteach
pre-wash sth	prewash
preach (about sth)	preach	about
preach at sb	preach	at
preach sth	preach
precaution (against sth)	precaution	against
precede (sb/sth)	precede
precede sb + adv./prep.	precede	adv	prep
precede sth with sth	precede	with
precedence (over sb/sth)	precedence	over
precipitate sb/sth into sth	precipitate	into
precipitate sth	precipitate
precis sth	precis
preclude (sb) doing sth	preclude	doing
preclude sb from doing sth	preclude	from	doing
preclude sth	preclude
precondition (for/of sth)	precondition	for	of
precursor (of/to sth)	precursor	of	to
predate sth	predate
predecease sb	predecease
predestined (to do sth)	predestined	to	do
predetermine sth	predetermine
predicate sth	predicate
predicate sth on/upon sth	predicate	on	upon
predicate that…	predicate	that
predict (that)…	predict	that
predict sth	predict
predict what, whether, etc…	predict	what	whether
predilection (for sth)	predilection	for
predispose sb to do sth	predispose	to	do
predispose sb to sth	predispose	to
predisposition (to do sth)	predisposition	to	do
predisposition (to/towards sth)	predisposition	to	towards
predominate (over sb/sth)	predominate	over
preen (itself)	preen	itself
preen (yourself)	preen	yourself
preen yourself (on sth)	preen	yourself	on
preface sth (with sth)	preface	with
preface sth by doing sth	preface	by	doing
preface sth by/with sth	preface	by	with
prefer doing sth	prefer	doing
prefer sb/sth to do sth	prefer	to	do
prefer sth	prefer
prefer sth + adj.	prefer	adj
prefer that…	prefer	that
prefer to do sth	prefer	to	do
preferable (to do sth)	preferable	to	do
preferable (to doing sth)	preferable	to	doing
preferable (to sth)	preferable	to
preference (for sb/sth)	preference	for
prefigure sth	prefigure
prefix A to B	prefix	A	to	B
pregnant with sth	pregnant	with
preheat sth	preheat
prejudge sth	prejudge
prejudice against sb/sth	prejudice	against
prejudice in favour of sb/sth	prejudice	in	favour	of
prejudice sb (against sb/sth)	prejudice	against
prejudice sth	prejudice
prejudiced (against/in favour of sb/sth)	prejudiced	against	in	favour	of
prejudicial (to sth)	prejudicial	to
preliminary (to sth)	preliminary	to
preliminary to sth	preliminary	to
preload sth	preload
prelude (to sth)	prelude	to
premiere (sth)	premiere
premised on/upon sth	premised	on	upon
premonition (of sth)	premonition	of
premonition (that…)	premonition	that
preoccupation (with sth)	preoccupation	with
preoccupied (with sth)	preoccupied	with
preoccupy sb	preoccupy
preordained to do sth	preordained	to	do
prep (for sth)	prep	for
prep sb	prep
prep sth	prep
preparation (for sth)	preparation	for
preparation (to do sth)	preparation	to	do
prepare for sth	prepare	for
prepare sth	prepare
prepare sth (from sth)	prepare	from
prepare sth/sb	prepare
prepare sth/sb for sb/sth	prepare	for
prepare the ground (for sth)	prepare	the	ground	for
prepare to do sth	prepare	to	do
prepare yourself (for sth)	prepare	yourself	for
prepare yourself to do sth	prepare	yourself	to	do
prepared (for sth)	prepared	for
prepared to do sth	prepared	to	do
preparedness (to do sth)	preparedness	to	do
prepone sth	prepone
preregister (for sth)	preregister	for
prerequisite (for/of/to sth)	prerequisite	for	of	to
presage sth	presage
prescribe (sb) sth (for sth)	prescribe	for
prescribe sth	prescribe
prescribe that…	prescribe	that
prescribe which, what, etc…	prescribe	which	what
prescription (for sth)	prescription	for
preselect sth	preselect
presell sth	presell
present (at sth)	present	at
present (in sth)	present	in
present itself to sb	present	itself	to
present sb (to sb)	present	to
present sb with sth	present	with
present sth	present
present sth (for sth)	present	for
present sth (to sb)	present	to
present sth to sb	present	to
present sth/sb/yourself as sth	present	yourself	as
present yourself + adv./prep.	present	yourself	adv	prep
present yourself at, for, in, etc.	present	yourself	at	for	in	etc
preserve (of sb)	preserve	of
preserve sb/sth (from sth)	preserve	from
preserve sth	preserve
preserve sth + adj.	preserve	adj
preserve sth/sb	preserve
preset sth	preset
preset sth to do sth	preset	to	do
preside at/over sth	preside	at	over
press (the) flesh	press	the	flesh
press adv./prep.	press	adv	prep
press against sth	press	against
press ahead/on (with sth)	press	ahead	on	with
press for sth	press	for
press sb	press
press sb for sth	press	for
press sb into sth/into doing sth	press	into	into	doing
press sb to do sth	press	to	do
press sb/sth into service	press	into	service
press sth	press
press sth + adj.	press	adj
press sth from/out of sth	press	from	out	of
press sth home	press	home
press sth into/onto sth	press	into	onto
press sth on sb	press	on
press sth to sth	press	to
press sth together	press	together
press sth/sb/yourself against sth	press	yourself	against
press-gang sb (into sth/into doing sth)	pressgang	into	into	doing
press/push the panic button	press	push	the	panic	button
pressed (for sth)	pressed	for
pressure (for sth)	pressure	for
pressure (on sb) (to do sth)	pressure	on	to	do
pressure sb (into sth/into doing sth)	pressure	into	into	doing
pressure sb to do sth	pressure	to	do
pressurize sb (into sth/into doing sth)	pressurize	into	into	doing
pressurize sb to do sth	pressurize	to	do
pressurize sth	pressurize
presume (that)…	presume	that
presume on/upon sb/sth	presume	on	upon
presume sb/sth + adj.	presume	adj
presume sb/sth to be/have sth	presume	to	be	have
presume sth	presume
presume to do sth	presume	to	do
presuppose sth	presuppose
presuppose that…	presuppose	that
pretence (to doing sth)	pretence	to	doing
pretence (to sth)	pretence	to
pretence of doing sth	pretence	of	doing
pretence of sth	pretence	of
pretence that…	pretence	that
pretend (that)…	pretend	that
pretend (to sb) (that…)	pretend	to	that
pretend sth	pretend
pretend to be/do/have sth	pretend	to	be	do	have
pretend to do sth	pretend	to	do
pretend to sth	pretend	to
pretender (to sth)	pretender	to
pretension (to do sth)	pretension	to	do
pretension (to sth/to doing sth)	pretension	to	to	doing
pretest sb	pretest
pretext (for sth/for doing sth)	pretext	for	for	doing
pretext (to do sth)	pretext	to	do
prettify sth	prettify
pretty much/well	pretty	much	well
prevail (against/over sb)	prevail	against	over
prevail (against/over sth)	prevail	against	over
prevail (in/among sth)	prevail	in	among
prevail on/upon sb to do sth	prevail	on	upon	to	do
prevalent (among sb)	prevalent	among
prevalent (in sb/sth)	prevalent	in
prevent (sb/sth) doing sth	prevent	doing
prevent sb/sth from doing sth	prevent	from	doing
prevent sth/sb	prevent
preview sth	preview
prey on sb's mind	prey	on	sbs	mind
prey on/upon sb/sth	prey	on	upon
price (for sth/for doing sth)	price	for	for	doing
price (of sth)	price	of
price sth	price
price sth (up)	price	up
price sth + adv./prep.	price	adv	prep
price sth at sth	price	at
price yourself/sth out of the market	price	yourself	out	of	the	market
prick (up) your ears	prick	up	your	ears
prick sth	prick
prick sth (on sth)	prick	on
prick sth with sth	prick	with
prickle (sth)	prickle
prickle (with sth)	prickle	with
pride (in doing sth)	pride	in	doing
pride (in sth)	pride	in
pride comes/goes before a fall	pride	comes	goes	before	a	fall
pride yourself on sth/on doing sth	pride	yourself	on	on	doing
prime sb (for sth)	prime	for
prime sb (with sth)	prime	with
prime sb to do sth	prime	to	do
prime sth	prime
primp (sth/yourself)	primp	yourself
prince of/among sth	prince	of	among
print (sth)	print
print sth	print
print sth (in/on sth)	print	in	on
print sth↔off/out	print↔off	out
prioritize (sth)	prioritize
prioritize sth	prioritize
priority (over sth)	priority	over
prise sth + adj.	prise	adj
prise sth + adv./prep.	prise	adv	prep
prise sth from sb	prise	from
prise sth↔out (of sb)	prise↔out	of
privatize sth	privatize
privilege sb/sth	privilege
privy to sth	privy	to
prize sth	prize
prize sth for sth	prize	for
probable (for sth)	probable	for
probate sth	probate
probe (into sth)	probe	into
probe sth	probe
procedure (for sth)	procedure	for
proceed (with sth)	proceed	with
proceed adv./prep.	proceed	adv	prep
proceed against sb	proceed	against
proceed from sth	proceed	from
proceed to do sth	proceed	to	do
proceeding (against sb) (for sth)	proceeding	against	for
proceeds (of/from sth)	proceeds	of	from
process adv./prep.	process	adv	prep
process sth	process
proclaim how, what, etc…	proclaim	how	what
proclaim sb/sth + noun	proclaim	noun
proclaim sb/sth to be/have sth	proclaim	to	be	have
proclaim sb/sth/yourself + noun	proclaim	yourself	noun
proclaim sb/sth/yourself to be/have sth	proclaim	yourself	to	be	have
proclaim sth	proclaim
proclaim that…	proclaim	that
proclivity (for sth/for doing sth)	proclivity	for	for	doing
procreate (sth)	procreate
proctor (sth)	proctor
procure (sb)	procure
procure sb sth	procure
procure sth (for sb/sth)	procure	for
prod at sb/sth	prod	at
prod sb (into sth/into doing sth)	prod	into	into	doing
prod sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	prod	adv	prep
produce sb	produce
produce sth	produce
produce sth (from/out of sth)	produce	from	out	of
product of sth	product	of
productive of sth	productive	of
profane sth	profane
profess sth	profess
profess to be/have sth	profess	to	be	have
profess yourself + adj.	profess	yourself	adj
profession of sth	profession	of
professionalize sth	professionalize
proffer sb sth	proffer
proffer sth (to sb)	proffer	to
proficiency in sth/in doing sth	proficiency	in	in	doing
proficient at sth/at doing sth	proficient	at	at	doing
proficient in sth/in doing sth	proficient	in	in	doing
profile sb/sth	profile
profit (by sth)	profit	by
profit (from sth)	profit	from
profit (on sth)	profit	on
profit sth	profit
program sth (to do sth)	program	to	do
programme sb/sth to do sth	programme	to	do
programme sth (for sth)	programme	for
programme sth (to do sth)	programme	to	do
progress adv./prep.	progress	adv	prep
progress to sth	progress	to
progression (from sth) (to sth)	progression	from	to
prohibit (sb) doing sth	prohibit	doing
prohibit sb from doing sth	prohibit	from	doing
prohibit sth	prohibit
prohibit sth / sb from doing sth	prohibit			from	doing
prohibition (against/on sth)	prohibition	against	on
project adv./prep.	project	adv	prep
project sb/sth/yourself (as sb/sth)	project	yourself	as
project sth	project
project sth (on/onto sth)	project	on	onto
project sth onto sb	project	onto
project sth to do sth	project	to	do
project sth/sb (+ adv./prep.)	project	adv	prep
prolong sth	prolong
promise (of sth)	promise	of
promise (sb) + speech	promise	speech
promise (sb) the earth/moon/world	promise	the	earth	moon	world
promise (that…)	promise	that
promise (that)…	promise	that
promise (to do sth)	promise	to	do
promise of sth	promise	of
promise sb (that)…	promise	that
promise sb sth	promise
promise sth	promise
promise sth to sb	promise	to
promise yourself sth	promise	yourself
promote sb	promote
promote sb (from sth) (to sth)	promote	from	to
promote sth	promote
promote sth (from sth) (to sth)	promote	from	to
promote sth as sth	promote	as
promoter of sth	promoter	of
promotion (to sth)	promotion	to
promotion of sth	promotion	of
prompt (sb)	prompt
prompt (sb) + speech	prompt	speech
prompt sb	prompt
prompt sb to do sth	prompt	to	do
prompt sth	prompt
promulgate sth	promulgate
prone to do sth	prone	to	do
prone to sth	prone	to
pronounce for/against sb	pronounce	for	against
pronounce on/upon sth	pronounce	on	upon
pronounce sb/sth + adj.	pronounce	adj
pronounce sb/sth + noun	pronounce	noun
pronounce sb/sth to be/have sth	pronounce	to	be	have
pronounce sth	pronounce
pronounce that…	pronounce	that
pronouncement (on sth)	pronouncement	on
proof against sth	proof	against
proof of sth	proof	of
proof sth	proof
proof that…	proof	that
proofread (sth)	proofread
prop sth + adj.	prop	adj
prop sth/sb/yourself (up) (against sth)	prop	yourself	up	against
prop sth↔up	prop↔up
propagandize (sb/sth)	propagandize
propagate (sth)	propagate
propagate sth	propagate
propel sb + adv./prep.	propel	adv	prep
propel sth (+ adv./prep.)	propel	adv	prep
propensity (for sth/for doing sth)	propensity	for	for	doing
propensity (to do sth)	propensity	to	do
proper to sth	proper	to
prophesy sth	prophesy
prophesy that…	prophesy	that
prophet (of sth)	prophet	of
propitiate sb	propitiate
propitious (for sth/sb)	propitious	for
proponent (of sth)	proponent	of
proportion (of sth to sth)	proportion	of	to
proportional (to sth)	proportional	to
proportionate (to sth)	proportionate	to
proposal for sth	proposal	for
proposal that…	proposal	that
proposal to do sth	proposal	to	do
propose a toast (to sb)	propose	a	toast	to
propose doing sth	propose	doing
propose sb (for/as sth)	propose	for	as
propose sb's health	propose	sbs	health
propose sth	propose
propose sth (to sb)	propose	to
propose that…	propose	that
propose to do sth	propose	to	do
propose to sb	propose	to
proposition sb	proposition
propound sth	propound
proscribe sth	proscribe
prosecute (sb)	prosecute
prosecute (sb/sth) (for sth/doing sth)	prosecute	for	doing
prosecute sth	prosecute
prospect (for sth)	prospect	for
prospect (of sth/of doing sth)	prospect	of	of	doing
prospect (that…)	prospect	that
prospect for sth	prospect	for
prospect of sth	prospect	of
prostitute sth/yourself	prostitute	yourself
prostitution of sth	prostitution	of
prostrate (with sth)	prostrate	with
prostrate sb	prostrate
protect (against/from sth)	protect	against	from
protect (sb/sth) (against sth)	protect	against
protect sb/sth/yourself (against/from sth)	protect	yourself	against	from
protect sth	protect
protection (against sth)	protection	against
protection (for/of sb/sth) (against/from sth)	protection	for	of	against	from
protective (of sb/sth)	protective	of
protective (towards sb/sth)	protective	towards
protest (about/against/at sth)	protest	about	against	at
protest (against sth)	protest	against
protest sth	protest
protest that…	protest	that
prototype (for/of sth)	prototype	for	of
protrude from sth	protrude	from
proud of sb/sth/yourself	proud	of	yourself
proud that…	proud	that
proud to be/have sth	proud	to	be	have
prove (that)…	prove	that
prove sb/sth/yourself + adj./noun	prove	yourself	adj	noun
prove sb/sth/yourself to be/have sth	prove	yourself	to	be	have
prove sth	prove
prove sth to sb	prove	to
prove to be sth	prove	to	be
prove what, how, etc…	prove	what	how
prove yourself (to sb)	prove	yourself	to
prove yourself + adj/noun	prove	yourself	adj	noun
prove yourself to be sth	prove	yourself	to	be
provide against sth	provide	against
provide for sb	provide	for
provide for sth	provide	for
provide sb with sth	provide	with
provide sth	provide
provide sth for sb	provide	for
provide sth to sb	provide	to
provide that…	provide	that
provided (that)…	provided	that
provision for sb/sth	provision	for
provision sb/sth (with sth)	provision	with
provoke sb (into sth/into doing sth)	provoke	into	into	doing
provoke sb to do sth	provoke	to	do
provoke sth	provoke
prowl adv./prep.	prowl	adv	prep
prowl sth	prowl
proximity (of sb/sth) (to sb/sth)	proximity	of	to
proxy for sb	proxy	for
proxy for sth	proxy	for
prune sth	prune
prune sth (back)	prune	back
prune sth back	prune	back
pry (into sth)	pry	into
psych sb/yourself up (for sth)	psych	yourself	up	for
psych sb↔out (of sth)	psych	sb↔out	of
psychoanalyse sb	psychoanalyse
publicize sth	publicize
publish (sth)	publish
publish sth	publish
pucker (sth) (up)	pucker	up
puff (at/on sth)	puff	at	on
puff (out)	puff	out
puff adv./prep.	puff	adv	prep
puff sth	puff
puff sth (out)	puff	out
puff sth↔out	puff↔out
puff sth↔up	puff↔up
puke (sth) (up)	puke	up
pull (at/on sth)	pull	at	on
pull (sb)	pull
pull (sth) (+ adv./prep.)	pull	adv	prep
pull a fast one (on sb)	pull	a	fast	one	on
pull adv./prep.	pull	adv	prep
pull ahead (of sb/sth)	pull	ahead	of
pull at sth	pull	at
pull at/on sth	pull	at	on
pull away (from sth)	pull	away	from
pull in (to sth)	pull	in	to
pull in different/opposite directions	pull	in	different	opposite	directions
pull off sth	pull	off
pull on/at sth	pull	on	at
pull out (of sth)	pull	out	of
pull rank (on sb)	pull	rank	on
pull sb down	pull	down
pull sb through	pull	through
pull sb through sth	pull	through
pull sb up	pull	up
pull sb's leg	pull	sbs	leg
pull sb/sth (in)	pull	in
pull sb/sth + adv./prep.	pull	adv	prep
pull sb/sth apart	pull	apart
pull sb/sth out (of sth)	pull	out	of
pull sb/sth↔over	pull	sb↔over
pull sb↔back	pull	sb↔back
pull sb↔in	pull	sb↔in
pull sth	pull
pull sth (+ adv./prep.)	pull	adv	prep
pull sth + adj.	pull	adj
pull sth apart	pull	apart
pull sth/a rabbit out of the hat	pull	a	rabbit	out	of	the	hat
pull sth/yourself + adj.	pull	yourself	adj
pull sth/yourself + adv./prep.	pull	yourself	adv	prep
pull sth↔back	pull↔back
pull sth↔down	pull↔down
pull sth↔in/down	pull↔in	down
pull sth↔off	pull↔off
pull strings (for sb)	pull	strings	for
pull the other one (—it's got bells on)	pull	the	other	one	—its	got	bells	on
pull the plug on sb/sth	pull	the	plug	on
pull the rug (out) from under sb's feet	pull	the	rug	out	from	under	sbs	feet
pull the wool over sb's eyes	pull	the	wool	over	sbs	eyes
pull through sth	pull	through
pull, bring, etc. sb up short	pull	bring	etc	up	short
pull/drag yourself up by your (own) bootstraps	pull	drag	yourself	up	by	your	own	bootstraps
pull/make faces/a face (at sb)	pull	make	faces	a	face	at
pulp sth	pulp
pulsate with sth	pulsate	with
pulse (with sth)	pulse	with
pulverize sb/sth	pulverize
pulverize sth	pulverize
pummel (at sth)	pummel	at
pummel sb/sth (with sth)	pummel	with
pump (sth) (+ adv./prep.)	pump	adv	prep
pump adv./prep.	pump	adv	prep
pump bullets, shots, etc. into sb	pump	bullets	shots	etc	into
pump sb (for sth)	pump	for
pump sb full of sth	pump	full	of
pump sb's stomach	pump	sbs	stomach
pump sb↔up	pump	sb↔up
pump sth (+ adv./prep.)	pump	adv	prep
pump sth + adj.	pump	adj
pump sth in	pump	in
pump sth into sb	pump	into
pump sth into sth	pump	into
pump sth↔out	pump↔out
pump sth↔up	pump↔up
pun (on sth)	pun	on
punch in/out	punch	in	out
punch sb out	punch	out
punch sb/sth	punch
punch sb/sth in/on sth	punch	in	on
punch sth	punch
punch sth in/through sth	punch	in	through
punch sth into sth	punch	into
punch sth↔in	punch↔in
punch sth↔out	punch↔out
punctuate (sth)	punctuate
punctuate sth (with sth)	punctuate	with
puncture (sth)	puncture
puncture sth	puncture
punish sb	punish
punish sb for sth/for doing sth	punish	for	for	doing
punish sth (by/with sth)	punish	by	with
punish yourself (for sth)	punish	yourself	for
punishable (by/with sth)	punishable	by	with
punishment (for sth)	punishment	for
punt (sth) (+ adv./prep.)	punt	adv	prep
punt sth (+ adv./prep.)	punt	adv	prep
purchase sth (from sb)	purchase	from
purée sth	purée
purge sb (from sth)	purge	from
purge sth (from sth)	purge	from
purge sth (of sb)	purge	of
purge yourself/sb/sth (of sth)	purge	yourself	of
purify sb/sth/yourself	purify	yourself
purify sth	purify
purify sth (from sth)	purify	from
purloin sth (from sb/sth)	purloin	from
purport to be/have sth	purport	to	be	have
pursuant to sth	pursuant	to
pursue sb/sth	pursue
pursue sth	pursue
pursuit of sth	pursuit	of
purvey sth	purvey
push adv./prep.	push	adv	prep
push ahead/forward (with sth)	push	ahead	forward	with
push all the (right) buttons	push	all	the	right	buttons
push at sth	push	at
push for sth	push	for
push it/things	push	it	things
push sb (+ adv./prep.)	push	adv	prep
push sb (into sth/into doing sth)	push	into	into	doing
push sb about/around	push	about	around
push sb for sth	push	for
push sb to do sth	push	to	do
push sb's buttons	push	sbs	buttons
push sb/sth + adv./prep.	push	adv	prep
push sb/sth over	push	over
push sb/sth↔out	push	sb↔out
push sb/yourself	push	yourself
push sb↔out	push	sb↔out
push sth	push
push sth + adj.	push	adj
push sth + adv./prep.	push	adv	prep
push sth back	push	back
push sth to the back of your mind	push	to	the	back	of	your	mind
push sth↔aside	push↔aside
push sth↔out	push↔out
push sth↔through	push↔through
push yourself/sb forward	push	yourself	forward
push-start sth	pushstart
pushed (to do sth)	pushed	to	do
pushed for sth	pushed	for
pussyfoot (about/around)	pussyfoot	about	around
put (out) to sea	put	out	to	sea
put a brave face on sth	put	a	brave	face	on
put a crimp in/on sth	put	a	crimp	in	on
put a damper on sth	put	a	damper	on
put a figure on sth	put	a	figure	on
put a name to sb/sth	put	a	name	to
put a new/different complexion on sth	put	a	new	different	complexion	on
put a price on sth	put	a	price	on
put a spoke in sb's wheel	put	a	spoke	in	sbs	wheel
put an animal, a bird, etc. out of its misery	put	an	animal	a	bird	etc	out	of	its	misery
put doing sth	put	doing
put flesh on (the bones of) sth	put	flesh	on	the	bones	of
put ideas into sb's head	put	ideas	into	sbs	head
put in (at…)	put	in	at
put in a (good) word for sb	put	in	a	good	word	for
put in for sth	put	in	for
put into…	put	into
put it about that…	put	it	about	that
put it to sb that…	put	it	to	that
put money into sth	put	money	into
put one over on sb	put	one	over	on
put our/your/their heads together	put	our	your	their	heads	together
put out (for sb)	put	out	for
put out (to…/from…)	put	out	to	from
put paid to sth	put	paid	to
put pressure on sb (to do sth)	put	pressure	on	to	do
put roses in sb's cheeks	put	roses	in	sbs	cheeks
put sb at (their) ease	put	at	their	ease
put sb down as sth	put	down	as
put sb down for sth	put	down	for
put sb in mind of sb/sth	put	in	mind	of
put sb in their place	put	in	their	place
put sb off sth/sb	put	off
put sb off their stride	put	off	their	stride
put sb off their stroke	put	off	their	stroke
put sb on	put	on
put sb on the spot	put	on	the	spot
put sb onto sb/sth	put	onto
put sb out	put	out
put sb out of their misery	put	out	of	their	misery
put sb out to grass	put	out	to	grass
put sb over your knee	put	over	your	knee
put sb through it	put	through	it
put sb through sth	put	through
put sb through the mill	put	through	the	mill
put sb to a lot of, etc. expense	put	to	a	lot	of	etc	expense
put sb to death	put	to	death
put sb to flight	put	to	flight
put sb to rout	put	to	rout
put sb to sleep	put	to	sleep
put sb to sth	put	to
put sb to the expense of sth/of doing sth	put	to	the	expense	of	of	doing
put sb to the sword	put	to	the	sword
put sb up to sth	put	up	to
put sb wise (to sth)	put	wise	to
put sb's nose out of joint	put	sbs	nose	out	of	joint
put sb's/your name down (for sth)	put	sbs	your	name	down	for
put sb/sth + adv./prep.	put	adv	prep
put sb/sth at sth	put	at
put sb/sth first	put	first
put sb/sth in the shade	put	in	the	shade
put sb/sth on the map	put	on	the	map
put sb/sth through (to sb/…)	put	through	to	sb
put sb/sth through their/its paces	put	through	their	its	paces
put sb/sth to shame	put	to	shame
put sb/sth to the test	put	to	the	test
put sb↔away	put	sb↔away
put sb↔down	put	sb↔down
put sb↔in	put	sb↔in
put sb↔off	put	sb↔off
put sb↔up	put	sb↔up
put sth	put
put sth (+ adv./prep.)	put	adv	prep
put sth + adv./prep.	put	adv	prep
put sth above sth	put	above
put sth before/above sth	put	before	above
put sth behind you	put	behind	you
put sth down to experience	put	down	to	experience
put sth down to sth	put	down	to
put sth into operation	put	into	operation
put sth into sth	put	into
put sth on sth	put	on
put sth on/onto/to sth	put	on	onto	to
put sth to good use	put	to	good	use
put sth to sb	put	to
put sth to sleep	put	to	sleep
put sth to the torch	put	to	the	torch
put sth towards sth	put	towards
put sth↔about	put↔about
put sth↔aside	put↔aside
put sth↔away	put↔away
put sth↔back	put↔back
put sth↔by	put↔by
put sth↔down	put↔down
put sth↔forth	put↔forth
put sth↔forward	put↔forward
put sth↔in	put↔in
put sth↔off	put↔off
put sth↔on	put↔on
put sth↔out	put↔out
put sth↔through	put↔through
put sth↔together	put↔together
put sth↔up	put↔up
put stock in sth	put	stock	in
put the (tin) lid on sth/things	put	the	tin	lid	on	things
put the clocks forward/back	put	the	clocks	forward	back
put the fear of God into sb	put	the	fear	of	God	into
put the frighteners on sb	put	the	frighteners	on
put the kibosh on sth	put	the	kibosh	on
put the mockers on sth/sb	put	the	mockers	on
put the screws on (sb)	put	the	screws	on
put the skids under sb/sth	put	the	skids	under
put the squeeze on sb (to do sth)	put	the	squeeze	on	to	do
put the wind up sb	put	the	wind	up
put up (at…)	put	up	at
put up for sth	put	up	for
put up sth	put	up
put up with sb/sth	put	up	with
put words into sb's mouth	put	words	into	sbs	mouth
put years on sb	put	years	on
put your back into sth	put	your	back	into
put your money on sb/sth	put	your	money	on
put your shirt on sb/sth	put	your	shirt	on
put yourself in sb else's/sb's place	put	yourself	in	elses	sbs	place
put yourself in sb's shoes	put	yourself	in	sbs	shoes
put yourself out (for sb)	put	yourself	out	for
put yourself up for sth	put	yourself	up	for
put yourself/sb/sth in for sth	put	yourself	in	for
put yourself/sb↔forward	put	yourself	sb↔forward
put yourself/sth over (to sb)	put	yourself	over	to
put yourself/sth↔across/over (to sb)	put	yourself↔across	over	to
put/get sth out of your mind	put	get	out	of	your	mind
put/keep sb in the picture	put	keep	in	the	picture
put/lay your head/neck on the block	put	lay	your	head	neck	on	the	block
put/place sth on (the) record	put	place	on	the	record
put/place/set a premium on sb/sth	put	place	set	a	premium	on
put/set sb straight (about/on sth)	put	set	straight	about	on
put/set sb's mind at ease/rest	put	set	sbs	mind	at	ease	rest
put/set sb/sth to rights	put	set	to	rights
put/set the cat among the pigeons	put	set	the	cat	among	the	pigeons
put/set the record straight	put	set	the	record	straight
put/set your (own) house in order	put	set	your	own	house	in	order
put/set/turn your mind to sth	put	set	turn	your	mind	to
put/stick the boot in	put	stick	the	boot	in
put/stick the knife in	put	stick	the	knife	in
put/stick the knife into sb	put	stick	the	knife	into
put/stick two fingers up at sb	put	stick	two	fingers	up	at
put/stick your oar in	put	stick	your	oar	in
put/throw sb off the scent	put	throw	off	the	scent
put/turn sth to good account	put	turn	to	good	account
put/turn the clock back	put	turn	the	clock	back
putt (sth)	putt
putter adv./prep.	putter	adv	prep
puzzle over/about sth	puzzle	over	about
puzzle sb	puzzle
puzzle sth↔out	puzzle↔out
puzzle why, what, etc…	puzzle	why	what
quadruple (sth)	quadruple
quaff sth	quaff
quail (at/before sb/sth)	quail	at	before
quake (with sth)	quake	with
qualified (to do sth)	qualified	to	do
qualified for sth	qualified	for
qualify (as sth)	qualify	as
qualify (for sth)	qualify	for
qualify as sth	qualify	as
qualify for sth	qualify	for
qualify sb (for sth)	qualify	for
qualify sb to do sth	qualify	to	do
qualify sth	qualify
qualify sth (as sth)	qualify	as
qualify what…	qualify	what
qualm (about sth)	qualm	about
quantify sth	quantify
quarantine sth/sb	quarantine
quarrel (with sb) (about/over sth)	quarrel	with	about	over
quarrel (with sb/between A and B) (about/over sth)	quarrel	with	between	A	and	B	about	over
quarrel (with sb/sth)	quarrel	with
quarrel with sb/sth	quarrel	with
quarry (for) sth	quarry	for
quarry sth (from/out of sth)	quarry	from	out	of
quarter sb (+ adv./prep.)	quarter	adv	prep
quarter sth	quarter
quarterback sth	quarterback
quash sth	quash
queen (of sth)	queen	of
queer sb's pitch	queer	sbs	pitch
queer the pitch (for sb)	queer	the	pitch	for
quell sth	quell
quell sth/sb	quell
quench sth	quench
query sth	query
query what, whether, etc…	query	what	whether
quest (for sth)	quest	for
question (of sth)	question	of
question sb (about/on sth)	question	about	on
question sth	question
question whether, what, etc…	question	whether	what
questionnaire (on/about sth)	questionnaire	on	about
queue (sth)	queue
queue (up) (for sth)	queue	up	for
quibble (about/over sth)	quibble	about	over
quick (to do sth)	quick	to	do
quick/slow off the mark	quick	slow	off	the	mark
quicken (sth)	quicken
quicken sth	quicken
quiet (down)	quiet	down
quiet sb/sth (down)	quiet	down
quieten (sb/sth) (down)	quieten	down
quintuple (sth)	quintuple
quirk (sth)	quirk
quit (sth)	quit
quit as sth	quit	as
quit doing sth	quit	doing
quit sth	quit
quite a lot (of sth)	quite	a	lot	of
quite a/the sth	quite	a	the
quite some sth	quite	some
quiz sb	quiz
quiz sb (about sb/sth)	quiz	about
quiz sb (on/over sth)	quiz	on	over
quote (… unquote)	quote		unquote
quote (sb) (as doing sth)	quote	as	doing
quote (sb) (sth) (for sth/for doing sth)	quote	for	for	doing
quote (sb) sth	quote
quote sth	quote
quote sth (at sth)	quote	at
quote sth (from sb/sth)	quote	from
rabbit on (about sb/sth)	rabbit	on	about
race (against sb)	race	against
race (against sb/sth)	race	against
race (between A and B)	race	between	A	and	B
race (for sth)	race	for
race (to do sth)	race	to	do
race adv./prep.	race	adv	prep
race sb/sth	race
race sb/sth + adv./prep.	race	adv	prep
race sth	race
race to do sth	race	to	do
rack sb/sth	rack
rack up sth	rack	up
rack your brain(s)	rack	your	brains
radiant with sth	radiant	with
radiate (from sb)	radiate	from
radiate (from sth)	radiate	from
radiate (sth)	radiate
radiate adv./prep.	radiate	adv	prep
radicalize sb/sth	radicalize
radio (sth)	radio
radio that…	radio	that
raffle sth	raffle
raft of sth	raft	of
rag on sb	rag	on
rag sb (about sth)	rag	about
rage (at/against/about sb/sth)	rage	at	against	about
rage (on)	rage	on
rage adv./prep.	rage	adv	prep
raid (on sth)	raid	on
raid sth	raid
rail (at/against sth/sb)	rail	at	against
rail sth in/off	rail	in	off
railroad sb	railroad
railroad sb (into sth/into doing sth)	railroad	into	into	doing
railroad sth (through/through sth)	railroad	through	through
rain (down) (on sb/sth)	rain	down	on
rain of sth	rain	of
rain on sb's parade	rain	on	sbs	parade
rain sth (down) (on sb/sth)	rain	down	on
raise a/your hand against/to sb	raise	a	your	hand	against	to
raise sb	raise
raise sb (from sth)	raise	from
raise sb sth	raise
raise sb's hackles	raise	sbs	hackles
raise sb's spirits	raise	sbs	spirits
raise sb/sth	raise
raise sb/sth + noun	raise	noun
raise sb/sth as sth	raise	as
raise sth	raise
raise sth (to sth)	raise	to
raise sth to sb/sth	raise	to
raise sth/sb/yourself (+ adv./prep.)	raise	yourself	adv	prep
raise your eyebrows (at sth)	raise	your	eyebrows	at
raise your glass (to sb)	raise	your	glass	to
raise/lower the temperature	raise	lower	the	temperature
raise/lower your sights	raise	lower	your	sights
raise/up the ante	raise	up	the	ante
rake (sth)	rake
rake (sth) (+ adv./prep.)	rake	adv	prep
rake adv./prep.	rake	adv	prep
rake in sth	rake	in
rake over sth	rake	over
rake sb over the coals	rake	over	the	coals
rake sth (with sth)	rake	with
rake sth + adj.	rake	adj
rake sth↔up	rake↔up
rally (around/behind/to sb/sth)	rally	around	behind	to
rally round/around	rally	round	around
rally round/around sb	rally	round	around
rally sb/sth (around/behind/to sb/sth)	rally	around	behind	to
ram into sth	ram	into
ram sth	ram
ram sth + adv./prep.	ram	adv	prep
ram sth into sth	ram	into
ram sth↔home	ram↔home
ram-raid sth	ramraid
ramble (on) (about sb/sth)	ramble	on	about
ramble adv./prep.	ramble	adv	prep
ramp sth↔up	ramp↔up
rampage adv./prep.	rampage	adv	prep
randomize sth	randomize
range (of sth)	range	of
range adv./prep.	range	adv	prep
range between A and B	range	between	A	and	B
range from A to B	range	from	A	to	B
range over sth	range	over
range sb/sth/yourself + adv./prep.	range	yourself	adv	prep
range sth	range
range yourself/sb against/with sb/sth	range	yourself	against	with
rank (sb/sth) + adj.	rank	adj
rank adv./prep.	rank	adv	prep
rank as sth	rank	as
rank sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	rank	adv	prep
rank sb/sth + noun	rank	noun
rank sb/sth as sth	rank	as
rank sth	rank
rankle (sb)	rankle
rankle with sb	rankle	with
ransack sth (for sth)	ransack	for
ransom sb	ransom
rant (on) (about sth)	rant	on	about
rant at sb	rant	at
rap (sth)	rap
rap adv./prep.	rap	adv	prep
rap sb on/over the knuckles	rap	on	over	the	knuckles
rap sb's knuckles	rap	sbs	knuckles
rap sb/sth (for sth/for doing sth)	rap	for	for	doing
rap sth (+ adv./prep.)	rap	adv	prep
rap sth (out)	rap	out
rape (of sth)	rape	of
rape sb	rape
rappel (down, off, etc. sth)	rappel	down	off	etc
rapport (between A and B)	rapport	between	A	and	B
rapport (with sb)	rapport	with
rapprochement (between A and B)	rapprochement	between	A	and	B
rapprochement (with sb)	rapprochement	with
rare (for sb/sth to do sth)	rare	for	to	do
rare (to do sth)	rare	to	do
raring to do sth	raring	to	do
rash (of sth)	rash	of
rash (to do sth)	rash	to	do
rasp (sth) (out)	rasp	out
rasp sth	rasp
rasterize sth	rasterize
rat on sb	rat	on
rat on sth	rat	on
rat sb↔out (to sb)	rat	sb↔out	to
ratchet (sth)↔up	ratchet↔up
rate as sth	rate	as
rate sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	rate	adv	prep
rate sb/sth (as) sth	rate	as
rate sb/sth + adj.	rate	adj
rate sb/sth + noun	rate	noun
rate sth	rate
rate sth (+ noun)	rate	noun
rather you, him, etc. than me	rather	you	him	etc	than	me
ratify sth	ratify
ratio (of A to B)	ratio	of	A	to	B
ration (of sth)	ration	of
ration sb to sth	ration	to
ration sth	ration
rationale (behind/for/of sth)	rationale	behind	for	of
rationalize (sth)	rationalize
rattle (sth)	rattle
rattle adv./prep.	rattle	adv	prep
rattle around sth	rattle	around
rattle on (about sth)	rattle	on	about
rattle sb	rattle
rattle sb's cage	rattle	sbs	cage
rattle sth↔off	rattle↔off
ravage sth	ravage
rave (about sb/sth)	rave	about
rave (at sb)	rave	at
ravel sth	ravel
ravel sth↔out	ravel↔out
ravish sb	ravish
ray of sth	ray	of
raze sth	raze
razz sb	razz
re-advertise (sth)	readvertise
re-cover sth	recover
re-echo sth	reecho
re-educate sb	reeducate
re-elect sb (as) sth	reelect	as
re-elect sb (to sth)	reelect	to
re-elect sb + noun	reelect	noun
re-enact sth	reenact
re-enter (sth)	reenter
re-entry (into sth)	reentry	into
re-evaluate sth	reevaluate
re-examine sth	reexamine
re-form sth	reform
re-present sth	represent
re-route sth	reroute
reach adv./prep.	reach	adv	prep
reach out to sb	reach	out	to
reach sb	reach
reach sb (down) sth	reach	down
reach sth	reach
reach sth (down) for sb	reach	down	for
reach sth + adv./prep.	reach	adv	prep
reach sth/sb	reach
reacquaint sb/yourself with sth	reacquaint	yourself	with
react (to sth) (by doing sth)	react	to	by	doing
react (together)	react	together
react (with sth)	react	with
react adv./prep.	react	adv	prep
react against sb/sth	react	against
reaction (against sth)	reaction	against
reaction (to sb/sth)	reaction	to
reactivate sth	reactivate
read (sb) the Riot Act	read	the	Riot	Act
read A for B	read	A	for	B
read about/of sth	read	about	of
read adv./prep.	read	adv	prep
read for sth	read	for
read sb	read
read sb like a book	read	like	a	book
read sb sth	read
read sth	read
read sth as sth	read	as
read sth into sth	read	into
read sth to sb/yourself	read	to	yourself
read sth↔back	read↔back
read sth↔out	read↔out
read sth↔over/through	read↔over	through
read sth↔up	read↔up
read that…	read	that
read to sb/yourself	read	to	yourself
read up on sb/sth	read	up	on
readdress sth	readdress
readership (in sth)	readership	in
readiness (for sth)	readiness	for
readiness (of sb) (to do sth)	readiness	of	to	do
reading (of sth)	reading	of
readjust sth	readjust
readjust to sth/doing sth	readjust	to	doing
readmission (to sth)	readmission	to
readmit sb (to sth)	readmit	to
ready for sth	ready	for
ready sb/yourself/sth (for sth)	ready	yourself	for
ready sb/yourself/sth (to do sth)	ready	yourself	to	do
ready to do sth	ready	to	do
ready with sth	ready	with
reaffirm sth	reaffirm
realign sth	realign
realign yourself (with sb/sth)	realign	yourself	with
realignment (of sth)	realignment	of
realization (of sth)	realization	of
realization (that…)	realization	that
realize (sth)	realize
realize (that)…	realize	that
realize how, what, etc…	realize	how	what
realize sth	realize
reallocate sth (to sb/sth)	reallocate	to
ream sb	ream
ream sb↔out	ream	sb↔out
reanimate sb/sth	reanimate
reap (sth)	reap
reap a/the harvest	reap	a	the	harvest
reap sth	reap
reapply (for sth)	reapply	for
reapply sth	reapply
reappoint sb (as) sth	reappoint	as
reappoint sb (to sth)	reappoint	to
reappoint sb + noun	reappoint	noun
reappraise sth/sb	reappraise
rear (up)	rear	up
rear sb/sth	rear
rear sb/sth on sth	rear	on
rear sth	rear
rear-end sth/sb	rearend
rearm sb	rearm
rearrange sth	rearrange
reason (for doing sth)	reason	for	doing
reason (for sth)	reason	for
reason (for sth/for doing sth)	reason	for	for	doing
reason (that…)	reason	that
reason (to do sth)	reason	to	do
reason (why…)	reason	why
reason sth out	reason	out
reason with sb	reason	with
reasonable (to do sth)	reasonable	to	do
reassemble sth	reassemble
reassert sth	reassert
reassert that…	reassert	that
reassess sth	reassess
reassign sb (to sth)	reassign	to
reassign sth (to sb/sth)	reassign	to
reassurance (that…)	reassurance	that
reassure sb (about sth)	reassure	about
reassure sb that…	reassure	that
reawaken sth	reawaken
rebel (against sb/sth)	rebel	against
rebellion (against sb/sth)	rebellion	against
reboot (sth)	reboot
rebound (from/off sth)	rebound	from	off
rebound (on sb)	rebound	on
rebrand sth/yourself	rebrand	yourself
rebuff sth	rebuff
rebuild sth	rebuild
rebuke sb (for sth/for doing sth)	rebuke	for	for	doing
rebut sth	rebut
recall (sb/sth) doing sth	recall	doing
recall adv./prep.	recall	adv	prep
recall sb	recall
recall sb to sth	recall	to
recall sth	recall
recall that…	recall	that
recall what, when, etc…	recall	what	when
recant (sth)	recant
recap (on sth)	recap	on
recap sth	recap
recap what, where, etc…	recap	what	where
recapitulate (on sth)	recapitulate	on
recapitulate sth	recapitulate
recapitulate what, where, etc…	recapitulate	what	where
recapture sb/sth	recapture
recapture sth	recapture
recast sb (as sth)	recast	as
recast sth (as sth)	recast	as
receipt (for sth)	receipt	for
receipt (of sth)	receipt	of
receive (sth)	receive
receive sb (as sth)	receive	as
receive sb (into sth)	receive	into
receive sb (with sth)	receive	with
receive sth	receive
receive sth + adv./prep.	receive	adv	prep
receive sth from sb	receive	from
receive sth from sb/sth	receive	from
receive sth with sth	receive	with
receive sth/sb	receive
receptacle (for sth)	receptacle	for
receptive (to sth)	receptive	to
recess (sth)	recess
recess sth (in/into sth)	recess	in	into
recharge (sth)	recharge
recipe (for sth)	recipe	for
recipe for sth	recipe	for
reciprocate (with sth)	reciprocate	with
reciprocate sth (with sth)	reciprocate	with
recite (sth) (to sb)	recite	to
recite sth (to sb)	recite	to
recite what…	recite	what
reckon (that)…	reckon	that
reckon doing sth	reckon	doing
reckon noun/adj.	reckon	noun	adj
reckon on sth	reckon	on
reckon sth (at sth)	reckon	at
reckon sth↔up	reckon↔up
reckon to be/have sth	reckon	to	be	have
reckon to do sth	reckon	to	do
reckon with sb/sth	reckon	with
reckon without sb/sth	reckon	without
reclaim sb (from sth)	reclaim	from
reclaim sth	reclaim
reclaim sth (from sth)	reclaim	from
reclaim sth from sb/sth	reclaim	from
reclassify sth	reclassify
recline (against/in/on sth)	recline	against	in	on
recline (sth)	recline
recognition (for sth)	recognition	for
recognition (that…)	recognition	that
recognizable (as sth/sb)	recognizable	as
recognize how, what, etc…	recognize	how	what
recognize sb/sth	recognize
recognize sb/sth (as sth)	recognize	as
recognize sb/sth by/from sth	recognize	by	from
recognize sb/sth to be/have sth	recognize	to	be	have
recognize sth	recognize
recognize sth as sth	recognize	as
recognize that…	recognize	that
recoil (at sth)	recoil	at
recoil (from sb/sth)	recoil	from
recoil (from sth/from doing sth)	recoil	from	from	doing
recollect (sb/sth) doing sth	recollect	doing
recollect (sth)	recollect
recollect that…	recollect	that
recollect what, how, etc…	recollect	what	how
recollection (of doing sth)	recollection	of	doing
recollection (of sth)	recollection	of
recommence (doing) sth	recommence	doing
recommend (sb) doing sth	recommend	doing
recommend (that)…	recommend	that
recommend how, what, etc…	recommend	how	what
recommend sb to do sth	recommend	to	do
recommend sb/sth	recommend
recommend sb/sth (to sb)	recommend	to
recommend sb/sth (to sb) (for/as sth)	recommend	to	for	as
recommend sth	recommend
recommendation (to sb) (for/on/about sth)	recommendation	to	for	on	about
recompense (for sth/sb)	recompense	for
recompense sb (for sth)	recompense	for
reconcile sb	reconcile
reconcile sb with sb	reconcile	with
reconcile sb/yourself (to sth)	reconcile	yourself	to
reconcile sth (with sth)	reconcile	with
reconciliation (between A and B)	reconciliation	between	A	and	B
reconciliation (with sb)	reconciliation	with
reconciliation (with sth)	reconciliation	with
recondition sth	recondition
reconfigure sth	reconfigure
reconfirm sth	reconfirm
reconnect (to sth)	reconnect	to
reconnect sth (to sth)	reconnect	to
reconnoitre (sth)	reconnoitre
reconquer sth	reconquer
reconsider (sth)	reconsider
reconsider what, how, etc…	reconsider	what	how
reconstitute sth	reconstitute
reconstitute sth/itself (as sth)	reconstitute	itself	as
reconstruct sth	reconstruct
reconstruct sth (from sth)	reconstruct	from
reconvene (sth)	reconvene
record (of sth)	record	of
record (on sth)	record	on
record (sth)	record
record how, what, etc…	record	how	what
record sb/sth doing sth	record	doing
record sth	record
record that…	record	that
record what, how, etc…	record	what	how
recount sth	recount
recount sth (to sb)	recount	to
recount what, how, etc…	recount	what	how
recoup sth	recoup
recover (from sth)	recover	from
recover sth	recover
recover sth (from sb/sth)	recover	from
recover sth from sb/sth	recover	from
recovery (from sth)	recovery	from
recovery (in sth)	recovery	in
recovery (of sth)	recovery	of
recreate sth	recreate
recruit (sb) (to sth)	recruit	to
recruit sb to do sth	recruit	to	do
recruit sth	recruit
rectify sth	rectify
recuperate (from sth)	recuperate	from
recuperate sth	recuperate
recycle sth	recycle
redact sth (from sth)	redact	from
redden (sth)	redden
redecorate sth	redecorate
redeem sb	redeem
redeem sb/sth	redeem
redeem sth	redeem
redeemable (against sth)	redeemable	against
redefine sth	redefine
redefine what, how, etc…	redefine	what	how
redeploy sb/sth	redeploy
redeploy sb/sth to sth	redeploy	to
redesign sth	redesign
redevelop (sth)	redevelop
redial (sth)	redial
redirect sth (to sth)	redirect	to
rediscover sth	rediscover
redistribute sth (from sb/sth) (to sb/sth)	redistribute	from	to
redistrict (sth)	redistrict
redo sth	redo
redolent of/with sth	redolent	of	with
redouble sth	redouble
redound to sth	redound	to
redraft sth	redraft
redraw sth	redraw
redress (for/against sth)	redress	for	against
redress sth	redress
reduce (sth)	reduce
reduce sb/sth (from sth) to sth/to doing sth	reduce	from	to	to	doing
reduce sth	reduce
reduce sth (from sth) (to sth)	reduce	from	to
reduce sth by sth	reduce	by
reduce sth to sth	reduce	to
reducible to sth	reducible	to
reduction (in sth)	reduction	in
reduplicate (sth/itself)	reduplicate	itself
reef sth	reef
reek (of sth)	reek	of
reel (at/from/with sth)	reel	at	from	with
reel adv./prep.	reel	adv	prep
reel sth↔in/out	reel↔in	out
reel sth↔off	reel↔off
ref sth	ref
refer sb/sth to sb/sth	refer	to
refer to sb/sth	refer	to
refer to sb/sth (as sth)	refer	to	as
referable to sth	referable	to
referee sth	referee
reference (to sb/sth)	reference	to
reference sth	reference
referendum (on sth)	referendum	on
referral (to sb/sth)	referral	to
refill sth (with sth)	refill	with
refinance (sth)	refinance
refine sth	refine
refinement of sth	refinement	of
refit sth	refit
reflate (sth)	reflate
reflect how, what, etc…	reflect	how	what
reflect on/upon sth	reflect	on	upon
reflect sb/sth (in sth)	reflect	in
reflect sth	reflect
reflect that…	reflect	that
reflect well, badly, etc. on sb/sth	reflect	well	badly	etc	on
reflective of sth	reflective	of
refloat sth	refloat
refocus (on/upon sb/sth)	refocus	on	upon
refocus sth (on/upon sb/sth)	refocus	on	upon
reform sb	reform
reform sth	reform
reformat sth	reformat
reformulate sth	reformulate
refract sth	refract
refrain (from doing sth)	refrain	from	doing
refrain (from sth)	refrain	from
refresh (sth)	refresh
refresh sb/yourself	refresh	yourself
refresh sth	refresh
refrigerate sth	refrigerate
refuel (sth)	refuel
refuge (from sb/sth)	refuge	from
refund sb sth	refund
refund sth	refund
refund sth to sb	refund	to
refurbish sth	refurbish
refusal (of sth)	refusal	of
refusal to do sth	refusal	to	do
refuse sb sth	refuse
refuse sth	refuse
refuse to do sth	refuse	to	do
refute sth	refute
regain sth	regain
regale sb with sth	regale	with
regard for sb/sth	regard	for
regard sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	regard	adv	prep
regard sb/sth/yourself as sth	regard	yourself	as
regard to sb/sth	regard	to
regenerate sth	regenerate
regenerate sth/itself	regenerate	itself
register (at/for sth)	register	at	for
register (sb) as sth	register	as
register (sth)	register
register (with sb/sth)	register	with
register sb + adj.	register	adj
register sth	register
register sth in sth	register	in
regress (to sth)	regress	to
regression (to sth)	regression	to
regret doing sth	regret	doing
regret sth	regret
regret that…	regret	that
regret to do sth	regret	to	do
regret what, how, etc…	regret	what	how
regrettable (that…)	regrettable	that
regroup (sth) (for sth)	regroup	for
regularize sth	regularize
regulate (sth)	regulate
regulate sth	regulate
regurgitate sth	regurgitate
rehabilitate sb	rehabilitate
rehabilitate sb (as sth)	rehabilitate	as
rehabilitate sth	rehabilitate
rehash sth	rehash
rehear sth	rehear
rehearsal (for sth)	rehearsal	for
rehearsal of sth	rehearsal	of
rehearse (for sth)	rehearse	for
rehearse sth	rehearse
rehearse sth/sb	rehearse
reheat sth	reheat
rehome sth	rehome
rehouse sb	rehouse
reign (over sb/sth)	reign	over
reign over sb/sth	reign	over
reignite sth	reignite
reimburse sb (for sth)	reimburse	for
reimburse sth	reimburse
rein sb/sth↔back	rein	sb↔back
rein sth↔in	rein↔in
reincarnate (sb/sth) (in/as sb/sth)	reincarnate	in	as
reinforce sth	reinforce
reinstate sb/sth (in/as sth)	reinstate	in	as
reinstate sth (in/as sth)	reinstate	in	as
reinterpret sth	reinterpret
reintroduce sth	reintroduce
reinvent sth/yourself (as sth)	reinvent	yourself	as
reinvest (sth)	reinvest
reinvigorate sth/sb	reinvigorate
reissue sth (as sth)	reissue	as
reiterate sth	reiterate
reiterate that…	reiterate	that
reject sb	reject
reject sb/sth	reject
reject sth	reject
rejig sth	rejig
rejoice at/in/over sth	rejoice	at	in	over
rejoice in the name of…	rejoice	in	the	name	of
rejoice that…	rejoice	that
rejoice to do sth	rejoice	to	do
rejoin (sb/sth)	rejoin
rejoin that…	rejoin	that
rejuvenate sb/sth	rejuvenate
rekindle sth	rekindle
relapse (into sth)	relapse	into
relate A to B	relate	A	to	B
relate how, what, etc…	relate	how	what
relate sth	relate
relate sth to sb	relate	to
relate that…	relate	that
relate to sth/sb	relate	to
related (to sth)	related	to
related (to sth/sb)	related	to
relation (between A and B)	relation	between	A	and	B
relation (with sb/sth)	relation	with
relation between A and B	relation	between	A	and	B
relation to sth	relation	to
relationship (between A and B)	relationship	between	A	and	B
relationship (to sth)	relationship	to
relationship (with sb)	relationship	with
relationship between A and B	relationship	between	A	and	B
relative (to sth)	relative	to
relative to sth	relative	to
relaunch sth	relaunch
relax (sb)	relax
relax sth	relax
relax with sth	relax	with
relaxed (about sth)	relaxed	about
relay sth (to sb)	relay	to
release (of sb) (from sth)	release	of	from
release sb	release
release sb from sth	release	from
release sb/sth	release
release sb/sth from sth	release	from
release sth	release
relegate sb/sth (to sth)	relegate	to
relegate sth	relegate
relevant (to sth/sb)	relevant	to
relevant to sth/sb	relevant	to
reliance (on/upon sb/sth)	reliance	on	upon
reliant on/upon sb/sth	reliant	on	upon
relic (of/from sth)	relic	of	from
relief (from/of sth)	relief	from	of
relief from sth	relief	from
relief of…	relief	of
relieve sb	relieve
relieve sb of sth	relieve	of
relieve sth	relieve
relieved (that…)	relieved	that
relinquish sth	relinquish
relinquish sth to sb	relinquish	to
relish (sb/sth) doing sth	relish	doing
relish sth	relish
relive sth	relive
reload (sth)	reload
reload sth	reload
relocate sth	relocate
reluctance (to do sth)	reluctance	to	do
reluctant (to do sth)	reluctant	to	do
rely doing sth	rely	doing
rely on/upon sb/sth	rely	on	upon
rely to do sth	rely	to	do
remain (to do sth)	remain	to	do
remain adv./prep.	remain	adv	prep
remain/stand aloof	remain	stand	aloof
remainder (sth)	remainder
remains (of sth)	remains	of
remake sth	remake
remand sb (+ adv./prep.)	remand	adv	prep
remark how…	remark	how
remark on/upon sth/sb	remark	on	upon
remark that…	remark	that
remarkable for sth	remarkable	for
remarkable that…	remarkable	that
remaster sth	remaster
remediate sth	remediate
remedy (against sth)	remedy	against
remedy (for sth)	remedy	for
remedy (to sth)	remedy	to
remedy for sth	remedy	for
remedy sth	remedy
remember (sb/sth)	remember
remember (sth)	remember
remember (that)…	remember	that
remember doing sth	remember	doing
remember how, what, etc…	remember	how	what
remember me to sb	remember	me	to
remember sb	remember
remember sb/sth	remember
remember sb/sth doing sth	remember	doing
remember sth	remember
remember to do sth	remember	to	do
remind sb	remind
remind sb (about/of sth)	remind	about	of
remind sb (that)…	remind	that
remind sb + speech	remind	speech
remind sb of sb/sth	remind	of
remind sb to do sth	remind	to	do
remind sb what, how, etc…	remind	what	how
reminder (of sb/sth)	reminder	of
reminder (that…)	reminder	that
reminisce (about sth/sb)	reminisce	about
reminiscent of sb/sth	reminiscent	of
remiss (in sth/in doing sth)	remiss	in	in	doing
remiss (of sb) (to do sth)	remiss	of	to	do
remit (of sb/sth)	remit	of
remit (to do sth)	remit	to	do
remit sth	remit
remit sth to sb	remit	to
remix sth	remix
remodel sth	remodel
remonstrate (with sb) (about sth)	remonstrate	with	about
remorse for sth/for doing sth	remorse	for	for	doing
remortgage (sth)	remortgage
remote (from sth)	remote	from
remote from sth	remote	from
remould sth	remould
remount (sth)	remount
remount sth	remount
removal (of sb)	removal	of
removal (of sb/sth)	removal	of
removal (of sth)	removal	of
remove sb from sth	remove	from
remove sth	remove
remove sth from sb/sth	remove	from
remove sth/sb	remove
remove sth/sb from sth/sb	remove	from
remunerate sb (for sth)	remunerate	for
rename sth	rename
rename sth + noun	rename	noun
rend sth	rend
render sb sth	render
render sb/sth + adj.	render	adj
render sth	render
render sth (as sth)	render	as
render sth (down)	render	down
render sth (into sth)	render	into
render sth to sb/sth	render	to
rendezvous (with sb)	rendezvous	with
renege (on sth)	renege	on
renew sth	renew
renewal (of sth)	renewal	of
renounce sb/sth	renounce
renounce sth	renounce
renovate sth	renovate
renowned as sth	renowned	as
renowned for sth	renowned	for
rent (sth)	rent
rent sb sth	rent
rent sth	rent
rent sth (out) (to sb)	rent	out	to
rent sth from sb	rent	from
reopen (sth)	reopen
reorder (sth)	reorder
reorder sth	reorder
reorganize (sth)	reorganize
reorient sb/sth (to/towards/away from sb/sth)	reorient	to	towards	away	from
repackage sth	repackage
repair sth	repair
repair to…	repair	to
repatriate sb	repatriate
repatriate sth	repatriate
repay sb	repay
repay sb (for sth)	repay	for
repay sb sth	repay
repay sth	repay
repay sth (with sth)	repay	with
repay sth to sb	repay	to
repeal sth	repeal
repeat (on sb)	repeat	on
repeat (sth)	repeat
repeat (sth/itself)	repeat	itself
repeat sth	repeat
repeat sth (after sb)	repeat	after
repeat sth to sb	repeat	to
repeat that…	repeat	that
repeat what…	repeat	what
repel (sth)	repel
repel sb	repel
repel sb/sth	repel
repel sth	repel
repellent (to sb)	repellent	to
repent of sth	repent	of
repent sth	repent
repentance (for sth)	repentance	for
rephrase sth	rephrase
replace sb/sth	replace
replace sb/sth with/by sb/sth	replace	with	by
replace sth	replace
replace sth (+ adv./prep.)	replace	adv	prep
replace sth/sb	replace
replacement (for sb)	replacement	for
replay sth	replay
replenish sth (with sth)	replenish	with
replete (with sth)	replete	with
replicate (itself)	replicate	itself
replicate sth	replicate
reply (to sb/sth) (with sth)	reply	to	with
reply (to sth) (with sth)	reply	to	with
reply that…	reply	that
report (on sth)	report	on
report (on sth) (to sb)	report	on	to
report (on/of sth)	report	on	of
report (sb/sth) doing sth	report	doing
report (that)…	report	that
report (to sb/sth) (for sth)	report	to	for
report as doing sth	report	as	doing
report back (on sth) (to sb)	report	back	on	to
report sb (to sb) (for sth/for doing sth)	report	to	for	for	doing
report sb/sth + adj.	report	adj
report sb/sth as sth/as doing sth	report	as	as	doing
report sth	report
report sth (to sb)	report	to
report that…	report	that
report to do sth	report	to	do
report to sb	report	to
report what, how, etc…	report	what	how
repose adv./prep.	repose	adv	prep
repossess sth	repossess
represent sb (as sth)	represent	as
represent sb/sth	represent
represent sb/sth (as sb/sth)	represent	as
represent sb/sth doing sth	represent	doing
represent sth	represent
represent sth (to sb)	represent	to
represent that…	represent	that
representative (of sb/sth)	representative	of
representative (of sth)	representative	of
repress sb/sth	repress
repress sth	repress
reprieve sb	reprieve
reprieve sth	reprieve
reprimand sb (for sth)	reprimand	for
reprint sth	reprint
reproach (sb) + speech	reproach	speech
reproach (to sb/sth)	reproach	to
reproach sb (for sth/for doing sth)	reproach	for	for	doing
reproach sb (with sth/with doing sth)	reproach	with	with	doing
reproach yourself (for sth/for doing sth)	reproach	yourself	for	for	doing
reproach yourself (with sth)	reproach	yourself	with
reprocess sth	reprocess
reproduce sth	reproduce
reprove (sb) + speech	reprove	speech
reprove sb (for sth/for doing sth)	reprove	for	for	doing
repudiate sb	repudiate
repudiate sth	repudiate
repugnant to sb	repugnant	to
repulse sb	repulse
repulse sb/sth	repulse
repurpose sth	repurpose
reputation (as sth)	reputation	as
reputation (for sth/for doing sth)	reputation	for	for	doing
reputed (to be sth)	reputed	to	be
reputed (to have done sth)	reputed	to	have	done
request (for sth)	request	for
request (that…)	request	that
request sb to do sth	request	to	do
request sth (from sb)	request	from
request that…	request	that
require doing sth	require	doing
require sb to do sth	require	to	do
require sb/sth to do sth	require	to	do
require sth	require
require sth of sb	require	of
require that…	require	that
requisite for/of sth	requisite	for	of
requisition sth	requisition
requite sth	requite
rerun sth	rerun
reschedule sth	reschedule
reschedule sth (for/to sth)	reschedule	for	to
reschedule sth to do sth	reschedule	to	do
rescind sth	rescind
rescue sb/sth	rescue
rescue sb/sth + adj.	rescue	adj
rescue sb/sth from sth/sb	rescue	from
research (into/in/on sth)	research	into	in	on
research (into/on sth/sb)	research	into	on
research how, what, etc…	research	how	what
research sth	research
resect sth	resect
resell sth	resell
resemblance between A and B	resemblance	between	A	and	B
resemblance to sb/sth	resemblance	to
resemble sb/sth	resemble
resent doing sth	resent	doing
resent sb doing sth	resent	doing
resent sth/sb	resent
resentful of/at/about sth	resentful	of	at	about
reserve sth	reserve
reserve sth for sb/sth	reserve	for
reset sth	reset
reset sth (to sth)	reset	to
reset sth to do sth	reset	to	do
resettle (sb)	resettle
resettle (yourself)	resettle	yourself
resettle sth	resettle
reshape sth	reshape
reshuffle (sth)	reshuffle
reside adv./prep.	reside	adv	prep
reside in sb/sth	reside	in
reside in/with sb/sth	reside	in	with
resign (as sth)	resign	as
resign (from sth)	resign	from
resign doing sth	resign	doing
resign sth	resign
resign yourself to sth	resign	yourself	to
resigned to sth/doing sth	resigned	to	doing
resist (sth)	resist
resist doing sth	resist	doing
resist sth	resist
resistance (to sth)	resistance	to
resistance to sb/sth	resistance	to
resistant (to sth)	resistant	to
resit (sth)	resit
resize sth	resize
reskill (sb)	reskill
resolution (to do sth)	resolution	to	do
resolve (that)…	resolve	that
resolve into sth	resolve	into
resolve on sth/on doing sth	resolve	on	on	doing
resolve sth into sth	resolve	into
resolve sth/itself	resolve	itself
resolve that…	resolve	that
resolve to do sth	resolve	to	do
resolved (to do sth)	resolved	to	do
resonate (with sb/sth)	resonate	with
resonate with sth	resonate	with
resort doing sth	resort	doing
resort to sth	resort	to
resound (through sth)	resound	through
resound (with/to sth)	resound	with	to
resource sth	resource
respect (for sb/sth)	respect	for
respect sb/sth	respect
respect sb/sth for sth	respect	for
respect sth	respect
respite (from sth)	respite	from
resplendent (in sth)	resplendent	in
respond (to sb/sth) (with sth)	respond	to	with
respond (to sth)	respond	to
respond (to sth) (with sth/by doing sth)	respond	to	with	by	doing
respond (to sth/sb)	respond	to
respond that…	respond	that
response (to sb/sth)	response	to
response to sb/sth	response	to
responsibility (for doing sth)	responsibility	for	doing
responsibility (for sth)	responsibility	for
responsibility (to do sth)	responsibility	to	do
responsibility (to/towards sb)	responsibility	to	towards
responsible (for doing sth)	responsible	for	doing
responsible (for sb/sth)	responsible	for
responsible (for sth)	responsible	for
responsible to sb/sth	responsible	to
responsive (to sb/sth)	responsive	to
respray sth	respray
rest (from sth)	rest	from
rest adv./prep.	rest	adv	prep
rest assured (that…)	rest	assured	that
rest on sth	rest	on
rest on/upon sb/sth	rest	on	upon
rest sth	rest
rest sth + adv./prep.	rest	adv	prep
rest with sb (to do sth)	rest	with	to	do
rest/sit on your laurels	rest	sit	on	your	laurels
restart (sth)	restart
restate sth	restate
restitution (of sth) (to sb/sth)	restitution	of	to
restock (sth) (with sth)	restock	with
restoration (of sth)	restoration	of
restoration of sth	restoration	of
restore sb/sth to sth	restore	to
restore sth	restore
restore sth (to sb)	restore	to
restore sth (to sb/sth)	restore	to
restrain sb/sth	restrain
restrain sb/sth from sth/from doing sth	restrain	from	from	doing
restrain sth	restrain
restrain yourself (from sth/from doing sth)	restrain	yourself	from	from	doing
restraining order (against sb)	restraining	order	against
restraint (on sb/sth)	restraint	on
restrict sth	restrict
restrict sth (to sb)	restrict	to
restrict sth to sth	restrict	to
restrict yourself/sb (to sth/to doing sth)	restrict	yourself	to	to	doing
restriction on sth	restriction	on
restring sth	restring
restructure (sth)	restructure
result (from sth)	result	from
result (of sth)	result	of
result in sth	result	in
result sb/sth doing sth	result	doing
résumé (of sth)	résumé	of
resume (sth)	resume
resume doing sth	resume	doing
resumption (of sth)	resumption	of
resupply sb (with sth)	resupply	with
resurface sth	resurface
resurrect sb	resurrect
resurrect sth	resurrect
resuscitate sb/sth	resuscitate
retail at/for sth	retail	at	for
retail sth	retail
retail sth (to sb)	retail	to
retain sb/sth	retain
retain sth	retain
retake sth	retake
retaliate (against sb/sth)	retaliate	against
retaliate (by doing sth/with sth)	retaliate	by	doing	with
retaliation (against sb/sth) (for sth)	retaliation	against	for
retard sth	retard
retell sth	retell
retest sb/sth	retest
rethink (sth)	rethink
reticent about sth	reticent	about
retire (from sth)	retire	from
retire as sth	retire	as
retire sb	retire
retire to sth	retire	to
retirement (from sth)	retirement	from
retool (sth)	retool
retool sth	retool
retort that…	retort	that
retouch sth	retouch
retrace sth	retrace
retract sth	retract
retrain (sb) (as sth)	retrain	as
retrain sb to do sth	retrain	to	do
retreat (from/into sth)	retreat	from	into
retreat adv./prep.	retreat	adv	prep
retrench sb	retrench
retribution (for sth)	retribution	for
retrieve sth	retrieve
retrieve sth from sb/sth	retrieve	from
retrofit sth	retrofit
retry sb/sth	retry
return (of sth)	return	of
return (to sth)	return	to
return (to…) (from…)	return	to	from
return sb (as sth)	return	as
return sb (to sth)	return	to
return sb/sth + adj.	return	adj
return sb/sth to sb/sth	return	to
return sth	return
return to sth	return	to
reunify sth	reunify
reunion (between A and B)	reunion	between	A	and	B
reunion (with sb)	reunion	with
reunite (sb)	reunite
reunite (sth)	reunite
reunite A with/and B	reunite	A	with	and	B
reuse sth	reuse
rev (sth) (up)	rev	up
revalue (sth)	revalue
revalue sth	revalue
revamp sth	revamp
reveal (that)…	reveal	that
reveal how, what, etc…	reveal	how	what
reveal sb/sth to be/have sth	reveal	to	be	have
reveal sth	reveal
reveal sth (to sb)	reveal	to
revel doing sth	revel	doing
revel in sth	revel	in
revelation (about/concerning sth)	revelation	about	concerning
revelation (of sth)	revelation	of
revelation (that…)	revelation	that
revenge yourself on sb	revenge	yourself	on
reverberate (with/to sth)	reverberate	with	to
revere sb (as sth)	revere	as
reverence (for sb/sth)	reverence	for
reversal (of sth)	reversal	of
reverse sth	reverse
reverse yourself (on sth)	reverse	yourself	on
reversion (to sth)	reversion	to
revert adv./prep.	revert	adv	prep
revert to sb/sth	revert	to
revert to sth	revert	to
review sb/sth	review
review sth	review
revile sb (for sth/for doing sth)	revile	for	for	doing
revise sth	revise
revisit sth	revisit
revitalize sth	revitalize
revive sb/sth	revive
revive sth	revive
revivify sth	revivify
revoke sth	revoke
revolt (against sth)	revolt	against
revolt against sb/sth	revolt	against
revolt sb	revolt
revolution (around/on sth)	revolution	around	on
revolution in sth	revolution	in
revolutionize sth	revolutionize
revolve around/round sb/sth	revolve	around	round
revolve around/round sth	revolve	around	round
revulsion (at/against/from sth)	revulsion	at	against	from
reward (for sth/for doing sth)	reward	for	for	doing
reward sb for doing sth	reward	for	doing
reward sb for sth	reward	for
reward sb with sth	reward	with
reward sb/sth	reward
rewind (sth)	rewind
rewire sth	rewire
reword sth	reword
rework sth	rework
rewrite sth	rewrite
rhapsodize (about/over sth)	rhapsodize	about	over
rhyme (with sth)	rhyme	with
rhyme sth (with sth)	rhyme	with
rib sb (about/over sth)	rib	about	over
rich (in sth)	rich	in
rick sth	rick
ricochet adv./prep.	ricochet	adv	prep
rid sb/sth of sb/sth	rid	of
rid yourself of sb/sth	rid	yourself	of
riddle sb/sth (with sth)	riddle	with
ride a/the wave of sth	ride	a	the	wave	of
ride adv./prep.	ride	adv	prep
ride herd on sb/sth	ride	herd	on
ride on sth	ride	on
ride sb	ride
ride sth	ride
ride sth (+ adv./prep.)	ride	adv	prep
ride sth↔out	ride↔out
ride the crest of sth	ride	the	crest	of
ride, etc. roughshod over sb	ride	etc	roughshod	over
rider (to sth)	rider	to
ridge sth	ridge
ridicule sb/sth	ridicule
rife (with sth)	rife	with
riffle sth	riffle
riffle through sth	riffle	through
rifle (through) sth	rifle	through
rifle sth	rifle
rifle sth + adv./prep.	rifle	adv	prep
rig sb/sth/yourself↔out (in/with sth)	rig	yourself↔out	in	with
rig sth	rig
rig sth (up) (with sth)	rig	up	with
rig sth (with sth)	rig	with
rig sth↔up	rig↔up
right (about sth)	right	about
right (in doing sth)	right	in	doing
right (to do sth)	right	to	do
right (to sth)	right	to
right away/off	right	away	off
right sb/sth/yourself	right	yourself
right sth	right
right-click (on sth)	rightclick	on
right-click sth	rightclick
rightsize (sth)	rightsize
rile sb	rile
rim sth	rim
ring (of sth)	ring	of
ring (sth)	ring
ring (up)	ring	up
ring (with sth)	ring	with
ring around (sb/sth)	ring	around
ring for sb/sth	ring	for
ring for sth	ring	for
ring in sth	ring	in
ring in your ears/head	ring	in	your	ears	head
ring round (sb/sth)	ring	round
ring sb/sth	ring
ring sb/sth (with sth)	ring	with
ring sb/sth up	ring	up
ring sb↔back	ring	sb↔back
ring sth	ring
ring sth↔up	ring↔up
ring the changes (with sth)	ring	the	changes	with
ring through (to sb)	ring	through	to
ring true/hollow/false	ring	TRUE	hollow	FALSE
ring-fence sth	ringfence
rinse sth	rinse
rinse sth + adv./prep.	rinse	adv	prep
rinse sth↔out	rinse↔out
riot of sth	riot	of
rip (sth)	rip
rip at sth	rip	at
rip into sb (for/with sth)	rip	into	for	with
rip into/through sb/sth	rip	into	through
rip sb/sth apart/to shreds/to bits, etc.	rip	apart	to	shreds	to	bits	etc
rip sb↔off	rip	sb↔off
rip sth	rip
rip sth + adj.	rip	adj
rip sth + adv./prep.	rip	adv	prep
rip sth↔off	rip↔off
rip sth↔up	rip↔up
rip-off (of sth)	ripoff	of
ripe (for sth)	ripe	for
ripen (sth)	ripen
ripple adv./prep.	ripple	adv	prep
ripple of sth	ripple	of
ripple sth	ripple
rise (from sth)	rise	from
rise (of sb/sth)	rise	of
rise (up) (against sb/sth)	rise	up	against
rise above sth	rise	above
rise adv./prep.	rise	adv	prep
rise in sth	rise	in
rise to sth	rise	to
risk (of sth/of doing sth)	risk	of	of	doing
risk (sb/sth) doing sth	risk	doing
risk (that…)	risk	that
risk (to sb/sth)	risk	to
risk (to sth)	risk	to
risk doing sth	risk	doing
risk sth	risk
ritualize sth	ritualize
rival (to sb/sth) (for sth)	rival	to	for
rival sb/sth (for/in sth)	rival	for	in
rivalry (between A and B) (for sth)	rivalry	between	A	and	B	for
rivalry (with sb/sth) (for sth)	rivalry	with	for
riven (by/with sth)	riven	by	with
river (of sth)	river	of
rivet sb/sth	rivet
rivet sth	rivet
road-test sth	roadtest
roam (over sth/sb)	roam	over
roam adv./prep.	roam	adv	prep
roam sth	roam
roam sth/sb	roam
roar adv./prep.	roar	adv	prep
roar sth (out)	roar	out
roar, romp, sweep, etc. to victory	roar	romp	sweep	etc	to	victory
roast (sth)	roast
roast sb	roast
rob sb blind	rob	blind
rob sb/sth (of sth)	rob	of
rob sb/sth of sth	rob	of
robe sb/yourself (in sth)	robe	yourself	in
rock adv./prep.	rock	adv	prep
rock sb/sth	rock
rock sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	rock	adv	prep
rock sth	rock
rocket (sb/sth) to sth	rocket	to
rocket adv./prep.	rocket	adv	prep
rocket sth	rocket
roger sb	roger
role-play (sth)	roleplay
roll (of sth)	roll	of
roll (sb/sth) (over) onto sth	roll	over	onto
roll (sb/sth) over (onto sth)	roll	over	onto
roll (sth) (+ adv./prep.)	roll	adv	prep
roll (sth) (up) (into sth)	roll	up	into
roll adv./prep.	roll	adv	prep
roll on…!	roll	on!
roll onto sth	roll	onto
roll over (onto sth)	roll	over	onto
roll sb/sth (over) (onto sth)	roll	over	onto
roll sb/sth/yourself (up) in sth	roll	yourself	up	in
roll sb↔over	roll	sb↔over
roll sth	roll
roll sth (+ adv./prep.)	roll	adv	prep
roll sth (out)	roll	out
roll sth + adv./prep.	roll	adv	prep
roll sth up	roll	up
roll sth↔back	roll↔back
roll sth↔down	roll↔down
roll sth↔out	roll↔out
roll sth↔over	roll↔over
roll sth↔up	roll↔up
roll/slip/trip off the tongue	roll	slip	trip	off	the	tongue
romance sb	romance
romanticize (sth)	romanticize
romp adv./prep.	romp	adv	prep
romp away/ahead	romp	away	ahead
romp home/to victory	romp	home	to	victory
romp through (sth)	romp	through
roof sth (in/over)	roof	in	over
roof sth with/in sth	roof	with	in
room (for sb/sth)	room	for
room (to do sth)	room	to	do
room (together)	room	together
room (with sb)	room	with
room for sth	room	for
root (about/around) for sth	root	about	around	for
root (sb)	root
root (sth)	root
root (through sth) (for sth)	root	through	for
root for sb	root	for
root sb to sth	root	to
root sth/sb↔out	root	sb↔out
root sth↔up	root↔up
rooted in sth	rooted	in
rope A and B together	rope	A	and	B	together
rope A to B	rope	A	to	B
rope doing sth	rope	doing
rope sb into sth	rope	into
rope sb↔in	rope	sb↔in
rope sth	rope
rope sth↔off	rope↔off
rope to do sth	rope	to	do
rort (sth)	rort
rosin sth	rosin
roster sb (to do sth)	roster	to	do
rot (away)	rot	away
rot sth	rot
rotate about/around sth	rotate	about	around
rotate adv./prep.	rotate	adv	prep
rotate sth	rotate
rouge sth	rouge
rough and tumble (of sth)	rough	and	tumble	of
rough sb↔up	rough	sb↔up
rough sth↔out	rough↔out
rough-cut sth	roughcut
roughen sth	roughen
roughhouse (sb)	roughhouse
round (sth)	round
round on sb	round	on
round sb/sth↔up	round	sb↔up
round sth	round
round sth (up/down) (to sth)	round	up	down	to
round sth↔off (with sth)	round↔off	with
round the bend/twist	round	the	bend	twist
rouse sb	rouse
rouse sb/yourself (to sth)	rouse	yourself	to
rouse sb/yourself to do sth	rouse	yourself	to	do
rouse sth	rouse
roust sb (from sth)	roust	from
rout sb	rout
route (from A to B)	route	from	A	to	B
route (to sth)	route	to
route sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	route	adv	prep
rove adv./prep.	rove	adv	prep
rove sth	rove
row (about/over sth)	row	about	over
row (of sb/sth)	row	of
row (with sb) (about sb/sth)	row	with	about
row sb (+ adv./prep.)	row	adv	prep
row sth	row
Rowling, J.K. (Joanne)	Rowling	JK	Joanne
Royal Commission (on/into sth)	Royal	Commission	on	into
Royal Commission (to do sth)	Royal	Commission	to	do
rub (together)	rub	together
rub against sth	rub	against
rub along (with sb/together)	rub	along	with	together
rub at sth	rub	at
rub off (on/onto sb)	rub	off	on	onto
rub on/against sth	rub	on	against
rub salt into sb's wounds	rub	salt	into	sbs	wounds
rub sb up the wrong way	rub	up	the	wrong	way
rub sb's nose in it	rub	sbs	nose	in	it
rub sb/oneself/sth↔down	rub	oneself↔down
rub sb↔out	rub	sb↔out
rub shoulders with sb	rub	shoulders	with
rub sth	rub
rub sth (+ adj.)	rub	adj
rub sth (together)	rub	together
rub sth + adv./prep.	rub	adv	prep
rub sth in	rub	in
rub sth/yourself + adj.	rub	yourself	adj
rub sth/yourself against sth	rub	yourself	against
rub sth/yourself with sth	rub	yourself	with
rub sth↔down	rub↔down
rub sth↔off (sth)	rub↔off
rub sth↔out	rub↔out
rubber-stamp sth	rubberstamp
rubbish sb/sth	rubbish
ruck sth↔up	ruck↔up
rude (to do sth)	rude	to	do
rude (to sb) (about sb/sth)	rude	to	about
rue sth	rue
ruffle sb	ruffle
ruffle sb's/a few feathers	ruffle	sbs	a	few	feathers
ruffle sth	ruffle
ruffle sth up	ruffle	up
ruin sb/sth	ruin
ruin sth	ruin
rule (as sth)	rule	as
rule (on sth)	rule	on
rule (over sb/sth)	rule	over
rule (sb/sth) with a rod of iron	rule	with	a	rod	of	iron
rule against/in favour of sb/sth	rule	against	in	favour	of
rule sb out of sth	rule	out	of
rule sb/sth + adj.	rule	adj
rule sb/sth to be/have sth	rule	to	be	have
rule sb/sth↔out	rule	sb↔out
rule sth	rule
rule sth↔off	rule↔off
rule that…	rule	that
rule/throw sth out of court	rule	throw	out	of	court
ruling (on sth)	ruling	on
rumble (of sth)	rumble	of
rumble adv./prep.	rumble	adv	prep
rumble sb	rumble
ruminate (on/over/about sth)	ruminate	on	over	about
rummage adv./prep.	rummage	adv	prep
rumour (about sth)	rumour	about
rumour (of sth)	rumour	of
rumour (that…)	rumour	that
rumour to be/have sth	rumour	to	be	have
rumple sth	rumple
run (for sth)	run	for
run (in sth)	run	in
run a (red) light	run	a	red	light
run a mile (from sb/sth)	run	a	mile	from
run a risk (of sth/of doing sth)	run	a	risk	of	of	doing
run across sb/sth	run	across
run adv./prep.	run	adv	prep
run afoul of sth	run	afoul	of
run after sb	run	after
run after sb/sth	run	after
run around with sb	run	around	with
run at sb	run	at
run at sth	run	at
run away (from sb/…)	run	away	from	sb
run away from sth	run	away	from
run away with sth	run	away	with
run away/off (together)	run	away	off	together
run away/off with sb	run	away	off	with
run back over sth	run	back	over
run down/out the clock	run	down	out	the	clock
run for sb/sth	run	for
run in sth	run	in
run into sb	run	into
run into sb/sth	run	into
run into sth	run	into
run off (together)	run	off	together
run off with sb	run	off	with
run off with sth	run	off	with
run on sth	run	on
run on the dollar, pound, etc.	run	on	the	dollar	pound	etc
run out (of sth)	run	out	of
run out on sb	run	out	on
run over sth	run	over
run rings around/round sb	run	rings	around	round
run sb + adv./prep.	run	adv	prep
run sb ragged	run	ragged
run sb sth	run
run sb/sth close	run	close
run sb/sth into the ground	run	into	the	ground
run sb/sth to earth/ground	run	to	earth	ground
run sb/sth↔down	run	sb↔down
run sb/sth↔over	run	sb↔over
run sb↔in	run	sb↔in
run sb↔out	run	sb↔out
run sb↔through	run	sb↔through
run sth	run
run sth (+ adv./prep.)	run	adv	prep
run sth (into sth)	run	into
run sth + adv./prep.	run	adv	prep
run sth by/past sb	run	by	past
run sth for sb	run	for
run sth into sb/sth	run	into
run sth past sb	run	past
run sth↔down	run↔down
run sth↔in	run↔in
run sth↔off	run↔off
run sth↔up	run↔up
run the risk (of sth/of doing sth)	run	the	risk	of	of	doing
run through sth	run	through
run to sth	run	to
run up against sth	run	up	against
run with sb	run	with
run with sth	run	with
run-in (to sth)	runin	to
run-in (with sb)	runin	with
run-up (to sth)	runup	to
run/drive/work yourself into the ground	run	drive	work	yourself	into	the	ground
run/take its course	run	take	its	course
rundown (in/of sth)	rundown	in	of
rundown (on/of sth)	rundown	on	of
rupture (sth)	rupture
rupture (sth/yourself)	rupture	yourself
rupture sth	rupture
rush (of sth)	rush	of
rush (on/for sth)	rush	on	for
rush adv./prep.	rush	adv	prep
rush into sth/into doing sth	rush	into	into	doing
rush sb	rush
rush sb into sth/into doing sth	rush	into	into	doing
rush sb sth	rush
rush sb/sth	rush
rush sb/sth + adv./prep.	rush	adv	prep
rush sth	rush
rush sth through sth	rush	through
rush sth↔out	rush↔out
rush sth↔through	rush↔through
rust sth	rust
rustle (sth)	rustle
rustle sth	rustle
rustle sth↔up (for sb)	rustle↔up	for
sabotage sth	sabotage
sack sb	sack
sack sth	sack
sacrifice (sb/sth)	sacrifice
sacrifice (to sb)	sacrifice	to
sacrifice sth	sacrifice
sacrifice sth for sb/sth	sacrifice	for
sad (about sth)	sad	about
sad (that…)	sad	that
sad (to do sth)	sad	to	do
sadden sb	sadden
sadden sb to do sth	sadden	to	do
saddle sb/yourself with sth	saddle	yourself	with
saddle sth	saddle
saddle sth↔up	saddle↔up
safe (for sb) (to do sth)	safe	for	to	do
safe (from sb/sth)	safe	from
safe (to do sth)	safe	to	do
safeguard (against sth)	safeguard	against
safeguard against sth	safeguard	against
safeguard sth	safeguard
safeguard sth/sb against/from sth	safeguard	against	from
sag off sth	sag	off
sail adv./prep.	sail	adv	prep
sail for sth	sail	for
sail sth	sail
sail through (sth)	sail	through
salaam (sb)	salaam
sally forth/out	sally	forth	out
salt sth	salt
salt sth (down)	salt	down
salt sth↔away	salt↔away
salute sb/sth	salute
salvage sth	salvage
salvage sth from sth	salvage	from
sample sb/sth	sample
sample sth	sample
sanctify sth	sanctify
sanction (against sb)	sanction	against
sanction (against sth)	sanction	against
sanction sb/sth	sanction
sanction sth	sanction
sanctity (of sth)	sanctity	of
sand sth (down)	sand	down
sandbag sb	sandbag
sandbag sth	sandbag
sandblast sth	sandblast
sandpaper sth (down)	sandpaper	down
sandwich A and B together (with sth)	sandwich	A	and	B	together	with
sandwich sb/sth between sb/sth	sandwich	between
sanguine (about sth)	sanguine	about
sanitize sth	sanitize
sap sb (of sth)	sap	of
sap sth	sap
sashay adv./prep.	sashay	adv	prep
sass sb	sass
sate sth	sate
sated (with sth)	sated	with
satiate sb/sth	satiate
satirize sb/sth	satirize
satisfied (that…)	satisfied	that
satisfied (with sth)	satisfied	with
satisfied with sb/sth	satisfied	with
satisfy sb	satisfy
satisfy sb of sth	satisfy	of
satisfy sb/yourself (that)…	satisfy	yourself	that
satisfy sth	satisfy
saturate sth	saturate
saturate sth/sb (with/in sth)	saturate	with	in
saunter adv./prep.	saunter	adv	prep
sauté sth	sauté
savage sb	savage
savage sb/sth	savage
save (sb's) face	save	sbs	face
save (sth)	save
save (up) (for sth)	save	up	for
save doing sth	save	doing
save on sth	save	on
save sb doing sth	save	doing
save sb from doing sth	save	from	doing
save sb sth	save
save sb sth (on sth)	save	on
save sb's bacon/neck	save	sbs	bacon	neck
save sb/sth	save
save sb/sth (from sth)	save	from
save sb/sth from doing sth	save	from	doing
save sth	save
save sth (for sth/sb)	save	for
save sth (up) (for sth)	save	up	for
save sth on sth	save	on
save the day/situation	save	the	day	situation
save your (own) skin/hide/neck	save	your	own	skin	hide	neck
save, keep, etc. sth for a rainy day	save	keep	etc	for	a	rainy	day
savour of sth	savour	of
savour sth	savour
saw (away) (at sth)	saw	away	at
saw adv./prep.	saw	adv	prep
saw sth	saw
saw sth (+ adv./prep.)	saw	adv	prep
saw sth off sth	saw	off
saw sth↔down	saw↔down
saw sth↔off	saw↔off
saw sth↔up (into sth)	saw↔up	into
say (in sth)	say	in
say (that)…	say	that
say (what, how, etc…)	say	what	how
say no (to sth)	say	no	to
say sth	say
say sth (to sb)	say	to
say sth to sb	say	to
say sth, speak, etc. under your breath	say	speak	etc	under	your	breath
say sth/sb	say
say to do sth	say	to	do
say to sb/yourself + speech	say	to	yourself	speech
say where, why, etc…	say	where	why
say/give the word	say	give	the	word
sb can (not) help (doing) sth	sb	can	not	help	doing
sb can not help but do sth	sb	can	not	help	but	do
sb can stick sth	sb	can	stick
sb can take it or leave it	sb	can	take	it	or	leave	it
sb can whistle for sth	sb	can	whistle	for
sb could/might be forgiven for doing sth	sb	could	might	be	forgiven	for	doing
sb deserves a medal	sb	deserves	a	medal
sb had a good innings	sb	had	a	good	innings
sb has a face like thunder	sb	has	a	face	like	thunder
sb has arrived	sb	has	arrived
sb is impressed that…	sb	is	impressed	that
sb isn't having any (of it)	sb	isnt	having	any	of	it
sb will murder you	sb	will	murder	you
sb will not do sth again in a hurry	sb	will	not	do	again	in	a	hurry
sb won't thank you for sth	sb	wont	thank	you	for
sb wouldn't be seen/caught dead…	sb	wouldnt	be	seen	caught	dead
sb's (just) deserts	sbs	just	deserts
sb's advanced age	sbs	advanced	age
sb's bark is worse than their bite	sbs	bark	is	worse	than	their	bite
sb's best/strongest/winning card	sbs	best	strongest	winning	card
sb's blood is up	sbs	blood	is	up
sb's creature	sbs	creature
sb's declining years	sbs	declining	years
sb's ears are burning	sbs	ears	are	burning
sb's ears are flapping	sbs	ears	are	flapping
sb's eyes are bigger than their stomach	sbs	eyes	are	bigger	than	their	stomach
sb's face doesn't fit	sbs	face	doesnt	fit
sb's face is like thunder	sbs	face	is	like	thunder
sb's fall from grace	sbs	fall	from	grace
sb's favourite son	sbs	favourite	son
sb's game	sbs	game
sb's good/evil genius	sbs	good	evil	genius
sb's gorge rises	sbs	gorge	rises
sb's hackles rise	sbs	hackles	rise
sb's hand (in marriage)	sbs	hand	in	marriage
sb's heart is in the right place	sbs	heart	is	in	the	right	place
sb's heart is in their mouth	sbs	heart	is	in	their	mouth
sb's heart leaps	sbs	heart	leaps
sb's heart misses a beat	sbs	heart	misses	a	beat
sb's heart sinks	sbs	heart	sinks
sb's jaw dropped/fell/sagged	sbs	jaw	dropped	fell	sagged
sb's match	sbs	match
sb's name is mud	sbs	name	is	mud
sb's pet hate	sbs	pet	hate
sb's pet peeve	sbs	pet	peeve
sb's pride and joy	sbs	pride	and	joy
sb's turf	sbs	turf
sb's Waterloo	sbs	Waterloo
sb's waters break	sbs	waters	break
sb's word is their bond	sbs	word	is	their	bond
sb's/sth's days are numbered	sbss	days	are	numbered
sb/sth is discovered to be/have…	sb	is	discovered	to	be	have
sb/sth is heard to do sth	sb	is	heard	to	do
sb/sth is predicted to do sth	sb	is	predicted	to	do
sb/sth is said to be/have sth	sb	is	said	to	be	have
sb/sth is seen to do sth	sb	is	seen	to	do
sb/sth is thought to be sb/sth	sb	is	thought	to	be
scads (of sth)	scads	of
scald sth/yourself	scald	yourself
scale of sth	scale	of
scale sth	scale
scale sth (from sth) (to sth)	scale	from	to
scale sth↔down	scale↔down
scale sth↔up	scale↔up
scallop sth	scallop
scalp sb	scalp
scalp sth	scalp
scamper adv./prep.	scamper	adv	prep
scan (sth)	scan
scan sth	scan
scan sth (for sth)	scan	for
scan sth for sth	scan	for
scan sth in	scan	in
scan sth into sth	scan	into
scan through sth (for sth)	scan	through	for
scandal (that…)	scandal	that
scandalize sb	scandalize
scapegoat sb/sth	scapegoat
scar sb	scar
scar sb/sth	scar
scar sth	scar
scare sb	scare
scare sb into doing sth	scare	into	doing
scare sb shitless	scare	shitless
scare sb↔away/off	scare	sb↔away	off
scare sb↔off	scare	sb↔off
scare the shit out of sb	scare	the	shit	out	of
scare up sth	scare	up
scare, annoy, etc. the hell out of sb	scare	annoy	etc	the	hell	out	of
scared (of doing sth)	scared	of	doing
scared (of sb/sth)	scared	of
scared (that…)	scared	that
scared (to do sth)	scared	to	do
scarf (sth)	scarf
scarify sth	scarify
scathing about sb/sth	scathing	about
scatter sb/sth	scatter
scatter sth	scatter
scatter sth on/over/around sth	scatter	on	over	around
scatter sth with sth	scatter	with
scavenge (on sth)	scavenge	on
scavenge (through sth) (for sth)	scavenge	through	for
scavenge sth	scavenge
scavenge sth (from sth)	scavenge	from
scene (of sth)	scene	of
scent of sth	scent	of
scent sth	scent
scent sth (with sth)	scent	with
sceptical (about/of sth)	sceptical	about	of
schedule sb/sth to do sth	schedule	to	do
schedule sth (as sth)	schedule	as
schedule sth (for sth)	schedule	for
schematize sth	schematize
scheme (against sb)	scheme	against
scheme (for doing sth)	scheme	for	doing
scheme (to do sth)	scheme	to	do
scheme sth	scheme
scheme to do sth	scheme	to	do
schlep adv./prep.	schlep	adv	prep
schlep sth (+ adv./prep.)	schlep	adv	prep
schmooze (with) sb	schmooze	with
school sb	school
school sb/sth/yourself (in sth)	school	yourself	in
school sb/sth/yourself to do sth	school	yourself	to	do
school(s) of thought	schools	of	thought
scintilla (of sth)	scintilla	of
scoff (at sb/sth)	scoff	at
scoff (sth)	scoff
scold sb (for sth/for doing sth)	scold	for	for	doing
scoop sb/sth	scoop
scoop sb/sth (up) (+ adv./prep.)	scoop	up	adv	prep
scoop sth	scoop
scoop sth (+ adv./prep.)	scoop	adv	prep
scoop sth up (+ adv./prep.)	scoop	up	adv	prep
scoot adv./prep.	scoot	adv	prep
scope (for sb) (to do sth)	scope	for	to	do
scope (for sth)	scope	for
scope sth	scope
scope sth (out)	scope	out
scope sth↔out	scope↔out
scorch (sth)	scorch
scorch adv./prep.	scorch	adv	prep
scorch sth + adj.	scorch	adj
score (sth)	score
score (with sb)	score	with
score a point/points (off/against/over sb)	score	a	point	points	off	against	over
score adv./prep.	score	adv	prep
score off sb	score	off
score over sth	score	over
score sth	score
score sth for sth	score	for
score sth↔out/through	score↔out	through
scorn for sb/sth	scorn	for
scorn sb/sth	scorn
scorn sth	scorn
scorn to do sth	scorn	to	do
scornful of sth	scornful	of
scotch sth	scotch
scour sth (away/out)	scour	away	out
scour sth (for sb/sth)	scour	for
scour sth (from/out of sth)	scour	from	out	of
scour sth (out)	scour	out
scourge (of sb/sth)	scourge	of
scourge sb	scourge
scout (around) (for sb/sth)	scout	around	for
scout (sb)	scout
scout sth (for sb/sth)	scout	for
scout sth↔out	scout↔out
scowl (at sb/sth)	scowl	at
scrabble (around/about) (for sth)	scrabble	around	about	for
scrabble adv./prep.	scrabble	adv	prep
scramble (for sth)	scramble	for
scramble (sth)	scramble
scramble adv./prep.	scramble	adv	prep
scramble for sth	scramble	for
scramble sth	scramble
scramble sth + adv./prep.	scramble	adv	prep
scramble to do sth	scramble	to	do
scrap sth	scrap
scrape (sth)	scrape
scrape (the bottom of) the barrel	scrape	the	bottom	of	the	barrel
scrape adv./prep.	scrape	adv	prep
scrape by (on sth)	scrape	by	on
scrape into sth	scrape	into
scrape sth	scrape
scrape sth (+ adv./prep.)	scrape	adv	prep
scrape sth (out)	scrape	out
scrape sth + adj.	scrape	adj
scrape sth + adv./prep.	scrape	adv	prep
scrape sth↔out	scrape↔out
scrape sth↔together/up	scrape↔together	up
scrape through sth	scrape	through
scratch (at sth)	scratch	at
scratch (from sth)	scratch	from
scratch (sb/sth/yourself)	scratch	yourself
scratch about/around (for sth)	scratch	about	around	for
scratch adv./prep.	scratch	adv	prep
scratch sb/sth	scratch
scratch sb/sth (from sth)	scratch	from
scratch sb/sth/yourself on sth	scratch	yourself	on
scratch sth	scratch
scratch sth + adv./prep.	scratch	adv	prep
scratch sth/yourself	scratch	yourself
scratch sth↔out	scratch↔out
scratch the surface (of sth)	scratch	the	surface	of
scratch your head (over sth)	scratch	your	head	over
scrawl across/in/on/over sth	scrawl	across	in	on	over
scrawl sth (across/in/on/over sth)	scrawl	across	in	on	over
scream (out) (for sth/sb)	scream	out	for
scream (out) that…	scream	out	that
scream adv./prep.	scream	adv	prep
scream at sb (to do sth)	scream	at	to	do
scream in/with sth	scream	in	with
scream out (for sth)	scream	out	for
scream out (in/with sth)	scream	out	in	with
scream sth (out) (at sb)	scream	out	at
scream yourself + adj.	scream	yourself	adj
screech (sth) (at sb)	screech	at
screech adv./prep.	screech	adv	prep
screen (of sth)	screen	of
screen sb	screen
screen sb (for sth)	screen	for
screen sb from sb/sth	screen	from
screen sb↔out	screen	sb↔out
screen sth	screen
screen sth/sb (from sth/sb)	screen	from
screen sth↔off	screen↔off
screen sth↔out	screen↔out
screen-print (sth)	screenprint
screw (sb)	screw
screw adv./prep.	screw	adv	prep
screw him, you, that, etc.	screw	him	you	that	etc
screw sb	screw
screw sb for sth	screw	for
screw sb↔up	screw	sb↔up
screw sth (up) into sth	screw	up	into
screw sth + adj.	screw	adj
screw sth + adv./prep.	screw	adv	prep
screw sth from/out of sb	screw	from	out	of
screw sth up (into sth)	screw	up	into
screw sth↔up	screw↔up
screw your eyes/face↔up	screw	your	eyes	face↔up
scribble (away)	scribble	away
scribble adv./prep.	scribble	adv	prep
scribble sth	scribble
scribble sth down	scribble	down
script sth	script
scroll adv./prep.	scroll	adv	prep
scroll sth	scroll
scrounge (for sth)	scrounge	for
scrounge (sth) (off/from sb)	scrounge	off	from
scrub (at sth)	scrub	at
scrub sth	scrub
scrub sth off sth	scrub	off
scrub sth/yourself	scrub	yourself
scrub sth/yourself + adj.	scrub	yourself	adj
scrub sth/yourself down	scrub	yourself	down
scrub sth↔off	scrub↔off
scrub sth↔out	scrub↔out
scrunch sth	scrunch
scrunch sth (up)	scrunch	up
scrunch-dry sth	scrunchdry
scrupulous (in sth/in doing sth)	scrupulous	in	in	doing
scrutinize sb/sth	scrutinize
scud adv./prep.	scud	adv	prep
scuff sth (on sth)	scuff	on
scuffle (between A and B)	scuffle	between	A	and	B
scuffle (with sb)	scuffle	with
scuffle adv./prep.	scuffle	adv	prep
sculpt sth	sculpt
sculpt sth (from/out of sth)	sculpt	from	out	of
sculpt sth (in sth)	sculpt	in
scupper sth	scupper
scurry adv./prep.	scurry	adv	prep
scuttle adv./prep.	scuttle	adv	prep
scuttle sth	scuttle
scythe (sth)	scythe
sea of sth	sea	of
seal sth	seal
seal sth (up) (with sth)	seal	up	with
seal sth (up/down)	seal	up	down
seal sth (with sth)	seal	with
seal sth in sth	seal	in
seal sth↔in	seal↔in
seal sth↔off	seal↔off
sear adv./prep.	sear	adv	prep
sear sb	sear
sear sth	sear
search (for sb/sth)	search	for
search (for sth)	search	for
search (for sth/sb)	search	for
search adv./prep.	search	adv	prep
search sb	search
search sb for sth	search	for
search sth	search
search sth for sth/sb	search	for
search sth/sb↔out	search	sb↔out
season (sth) (with sth)	season	with
seat of sth	seat	of
seat sb	seat
seat sb/yourself	seat	yourself
secede (from sth)	secede	from
secession (from sth)	secession	from
seclude yourself/sb (from sb/sth)	seclude	yourself	from
second nature (to sb) (to do sth)	second	nature	to	to	do
second sb (from sth) (to sth)	second	from	to
second sth	second
second-guess (sb/sth)	secondguess
second-guess sb/sth	secondguess
secondary to sth	secondary	to
secret (about sth)	secret	about
secret (from sb)	secret	from
secrete sth	secrete
secrete sth (in sth)	secrete	in
secretive (about sth)	secretive	about
section sb	section
section sth	section
section sth↔off	section↔off
secularize sth	secularize
secure (against/from sth)	secure	against	from
secure sb/sth/yourself sth	secure	yourself
secure sth	secure
secure sth (to sth)	secure	to
secure sth against sth	secure	against
secure sth for sb/sth/yourself	secure	for	yourself
sedate sb/sth	sedate
seduce sb	seduce
seduce sb (into sth/into doing sth)	seduce	into	into	doing
seduction (of sth)	seduction	of
see (sb/sth)	see
see (that)…	see	that
see about sth	see	about
see doing sth	see	doing
see over sth	see	over
see sb	see
see sb (about sth)	see	about
see sb + adv./prep.	see	adv	prep
see sb right	see	right
see sb through	see	through
see sb through sth	see	through
see sb/sth + adj.	see	adj
see sb/sth as sth	see	as
see sb/sth do sth	see	do
see sb/sth doing sth	see	doing
see sb/sth for what they are/it is	see	for	what	they	are	it	is
see sb↔off	see	sb↔off
see sb↔out	see	sb↔out
see sth	see
see sth + adv./prep.	see	adv	prep
see sth coming	see	coming
see sth in sb/sth	see	in
see sth out of the corner of your eye	see	out	of	the	corner	of	your	eye
see sth through	see	through
see sth↔out	see↔out
see that…	see	that
see the colour of sb's money	see	the	colour	of	sbs	money
see the light (of day)	see	the	light	of	day
see through sb/sth	see	through
see to do sth	see	to	do
see to it that…	see	to	it	that
see to sth	see	to
see what, how, etc…	see	what	how
see what, whether, etc…	see	what	whether
see what, why, etc…	see	what	why
see you (around)	see	you	around
see your way (clear) to doing sth/to do sth	see	your	way	clear	to	doing	to	do
see-saw (from A to B)	seesaw	from	A	to	B
see, etc. how the land lies	see	etc	how	the	land	lies
see, look at, etc. sth through sb's eyes	see	look	at	etc	through	sbs	eyes
see, realize, etc. the error of your ways	see	realize	etc	the	error	of	your	ways
see, spot, tell, smell, etc. sth a mile off	see	spot	tell	smell	etc	a	mile	off
see/think fit (to do sth)	see	think	fit	to	do
seed (of sth)	seed	of
seed sb	seed
seed sth (with sth)	seed	with
seedbed (of/for sth)	seedbed	of	for
seeing that…	seeing	that
seek (sth)	seek
seek for sth/sb	seek	for
seek sb/sth out	seek	out
seek sth	seek
seek sth from sb	seek	from
seek sth/sb	seek
seek to do sth	seek	to	do
seem (as though…)	seem	as	though
seem (that)…	seem	that
seem (to sb) (to be) sth	seem	to	to	be
seem like sth	seem	like
seem to do/be/have sth	seem	to	do	be	have
seep adv./prep.	seep	adv	prep
seethe (with sth)	seethe	with
seethe at sth	seethe	at
seethe with sth	seethe	with
segment sth	segment
segregate sb (from sb)	segregate	from
segregate sth (from sth)	segregate	from
segue adv./prep.	segue	adv	prep
seize on/upon sth	seize	on	upon
seize sb	seize
seize sb/sth	seize
seize sth	seize
seize sth (from sb)	seize	from
seize sth from sb	seize	from
seizure (of sth)	seizure	of
select sb/sth	select
select sb/sth as sth	select	as
select sb/sth for sth	select	for
select sb/sth to do sth	select	to	do
select sth	select
select what, which, etc…	select	what	which
selective (about/in sth)	selective	about	in
self-conscious (about sth)	selfconscious	about
self-sufficient (in sth)	selfsufficient	in
Selig, Allan H. (Bud)	Selig	Allan	H	Bud
sell (sth)	sell
sell (sth) (at sth)	sell	at
sell for/at sth	sell	for	at
sell out (of sth)	sell	out	of
sell out (to sb/sth)	sell	out	to
sell sb down the river	sell	down	the	river
sell sb sth (for sth)	sell	for
sell sb/buy a pup	sell	buy	a	pup
sell sb/yourself short	sell	yourself	short
sell sth	sell
sell sth (to sb) (for sth)	sell	to	for
sell sth/yourself (to sb)	sell	yourself	to
sell sth↔off	sell↔off
sell sth↔on	sell↔on
sell sth↔up	sell↔up
sell your soul (to the devil)	sell	your	soul	to	the	devil
sell yourself (to sb)	sell	yourself	to
sellotape sth (to sth)	sellotape	to
semaphore (sth)	semaphore
semaphore that…	semaphore	that
semblance of sth	semblance	of
send away (to sb) (for sth)	send	away	to	for
send for sb	send	for
send for sth	send	for
send forth sth	send	forth
send off (for sth)	send	off	for
send out for sth	send	out	for
send sb	send
send sb + adj.	send	adj
send sb + adv./prep.	send	adv	prep
send sb forth	send	forth
send sb into sth	send	into
send sb packing	send	packing
send sb sth	send
send sb to Coventry	send	to	Coventry
send sb to do sth	send	to	do
send sb to sth	send	to
send sb/sth↔up	send	sb↔up
send sb↔down	send	sb↔down
send sb↔in	send	sb↔in
send sb↔off	send	sb↔off
send sb↔up	send	sb↔up
send sth	send
send sth (that)…	send	that
send sth to sb	send	to
send sth/sb + adv./prep.	send	adv	prep
send sth/sb doing sth	send	doing
send sth↔in	send↔in
send sth↔off	send↔off
send sth↔on	send↔on
send sth↔out	send↔out
send to do sth	send	to	do
senior (to sb)	senior	to
sensationalize sth	sensationalize
sense (that)…	sense	that
sense how, what, etc…	sense	how	what
sense sb/sth do sth	sense	do
sense sb/sth doing sth	sense	doing
sense sth	sense
sensitive (to sth)	sensitive	to
sensitive about sth	sensitive	about
sensitive to sth	sensitive	to
sensitivity (to sth)	sensitivity	to
sensitize sb/sth (to sth)	sensitize	to
sentence sb (to sth)	sentence	to
sentence sb to do sth	sentence	to	do
sentimentalize (sth)	sentimentalize
separable (from sth)	separable	from
separate (from sth/sb)	separate	from
separate from sb	separate	from
separate from sth	separate	from
separate into sth	separate	into
separate sb/sth	separate
separate sb/sth (from sb/sth)	separate	from
separate sb/sth from/and sb	separate	from	and
separate sb/sth from/and sb/sth	separate	from	and
separate sth	separate
separate sth from/and sth	separate	from	and
separate sth into sth	separate	into
separate sth↔out	separate↔out
separate/sort out the men from the boys	separate	sort	out	the	men	from	the	boys
separated from sb	separated	from
separately (from sb/sth)	separately	from
separation (between A and B)	separation	between	A	and	B
separation (from sb/sth)	separation	from
sequel (to sth)	sequel	to
sequence sth	sequence
sequester sb	sequester
sequestrate sth	sequestrate
serenade sb	serenade
serialize sth	serialize
series of sth	series	of
serious (about doing sth)	serious	about	doing
serious (about sb/sth)	serious	about
serve (as sth)	serve	as
serve (sb)	serve
serve (sth)	serve
serve as sth	serve	as
serve in/on/with sth	serve	in	on	with
serve sb (as sth)	serve	as
serve sb sth	serve
serve sb with sth	serve	with
serve sb/sth	serve
serve sb/sth with sth	serve	with
serve sth	serve
serve sth (on sb)	serve	on
serve sth + adj.	serve	adj
serve sth to sb	serve	to
serve sth with sth	serve	with
serve sth/sb	serve
serve sth↔out	serve↔out
serve sth↔up	serve↔up
serve to do sth	serve	to	do
serve under/with sb	serve	under	with
serve your/its turn	serve	your	its	turn
service (as sb/sth)	service	as
service (of sb)	service	of
service (to sth)	service	to
service sth	service
service sth/sb	service
set (of sth)	set	of
set (sth)	set
set (yourself) up (as sb)	set	yourself	up	as
set A in B	set	A	in	B
set about doing sth	set	about	doing
set about sb	set	about
set about sth	set	about
set fair (to do sth/for sth)	set	fair	to	do	for
set foot in/on sth	set	foot	in	on
set for sth	set	for
set light to sth	set	light	to
set of sth	set	of
set on/upon sb	set	on	upon
set sail (from/for…)	set	sail	from	for
set sb (to do sth)	set	to	do
set sb against sb	set	against
set sb back sth	set	back
set sb off (doing sth)	set	off	doing
set sb's teeth on edge	set	sbs	teeth	on	edge
set sb/sth + adj.	set	adj
set sb/sth + adv./prep.	set	adv	prep
set sb/sth apart (from sb/sth)	set	apart	from
set sb/sth doing sth	set	doing
set sb/sth on sb	set	on
set sb/sth on their/its feet	set	on	their	its	feet
set sb/yourself sth	set	yourself
set sb/yourself to do sth	set	yourself	to	do
set sb↔down	set	sb↔down
set sb↔up	set	sb↔up
set sth	set
set sth (+ adv./prep.)	set	adv	prep
set sth (for sb)	set	for
set sth (off) against sth	set	off	against
set sth (to sth)	set	to
set sth + adv./prep.	set	adv	prep
set sth back (from sth)	set	back	from
set sth for sb/yourself	set	for	yourself
set sth for sth	set	for
set sth in train	set	in	train
set sth in/into sth	set	in	into
set sth/sb + adv./prep.	set	adv	prep
set sth/sb↔back	set	sb↔back
set sth↔apart (for sth)	set↔apart	for
set sth↔aside	set↔aside
set sth↔down	set↔down
set sth↔forth	set↔forth
set sth↔off	set↔off
set sth↔out	set↔out
set sth↔up	set↔up
set the scene (for sth)	set	the	scene	for
set the seal on sth	set	the	seal	on
set the stage for sth	set	the	stage	for
set to do sth	set	to	do
set your face against sb/sth	set	your	face	against
set your heart on sth	set	your	heart	on
set your mind on sth	set	your	mind	on
set your sights on sth/on doing sth	set	your	sights	on	on	doing
set/put (great, etc.) store by sth	set	put	great	etc	store	by
set/put sth in motion	set	put	in	motion
set/put the world to rights	set	put	the	world	to	rights
settle (back) (+ adv./prep.)	settle	back	adv	prep
settle (down) to sth	settle	down	to
settle (on/over sth)	settle	on	over
settle (sth)	settle
settle (up) (with sb)	settle	up	with
settle a score/an account (with sb)	settle	a	score	an	account	with
settle adv./prep.	settle	adv	prep
settle for sth	settle	for
settle into sth	settle	into
settle on sth	settle	on
settle sb/sth	settle
settle sb/yourself (+ adv./prep.)	settle	yourself	adv	prep
settle sb↔down	settle	sb↔down
settle sth	settle
settle sth + adv./prep.	settle	adv	prep
settle sth on sb	settle	on
sever sth	sever
sever sth from sth	sever	from
severe (on/with sb)	severe	on	with
sew sth	sew
sew sth on	sew	on
sew sth↔up	sew↔up
sex sb↔up	sex	sb↔up
sex sth	sex
sex sth↔up	sex↔up
sexualize sb/sth	sexualize
shack up with sb	shack	up	with
shackle sb	shackle
shackle sb/sth	shackle
shackles (of sth)	shackles	of
shade (of sth)	shade	of
shade into sth	shade	into
shade of sth	shade	of
shade sb/sth	shade
shade sb/sth from/against sth	shade	from	against
shade sth	shade
shade sth in	shade	in
shades of sb/sth	shades	of
shadow of sb/sth	shadow	of
shadow of sth	shadow	of
shadow sb	shadow
shadow sth	shadow
shaft of sth	shaft	of
shaft sb	shaft
shag (sb)	shag
shake (with sth)	shake	with
shake on sth	shake	on
shake sb	shake
shake sb up	shake	up
shake sb/sth	shake
shake sb/sth + adj.	shake	adj
shake sb/sth↔down	shake	sb↔down
shake sb↔off	shake	sb↔off
shake sb↔up	shake	sb↔up
shake sth	shake
shake sth + adv./prep.	shake	adv	prep
shake sth off	shake	off
shake sth↔out	shake↔out
shake sth↔up	shake↔up
shake-up (in/of sth)	shakeup	in	of
shake/rock sth to its foundations	shake	rock	to	its	foundations
shake/rock the foundations of sth	shake	rock	the	foundations	of
sham (sth)	sham
shamble adv./prep.	shamble	adv	prep
shame on you, him, etc.	shame	on	you	him	etc
shame sb	shame
shame sb into doing sth	shame	into	doing
shampoo sth	shampoo
shanghai sb (into doing sth)	shanghai	into	doing
shape A into B	shape	A	into	B
shape sb/sth	shape
shape sth	shape
shape to do sth	shape	to	do
share (in sth)	share	in
share (of sth)	share	of
share (of/in sth)	share	of	in
share (sth with sb)	share	with
share (sth) (with sb)	share	with
share in sth	share	in
share of sth	share	of
share sth	share
share sth (out) (among/between sb)	share	out	among	between
share sth (with sb)	share	with
share sth with sb	share	with
sharp with sb	sharp	with
sharpen (sth)	sharpen
sharpen (up)	sharpen	up
sharpen sth	sharpen
sharpen sth (up)	sharpen	up
shatter (into sth)	shatter	into
shatter sb	shatter
shatter sth (into sth)	shatter	into
shave sb/sth/yourself	shave	yourself
shave sth	shave
shave sth off sth	shave	off
shave sth↔off	shave↔off
shear (sth) (off)	shear	off
shear sth	shear
sheathe sth	sheathe
sheathe sth (in/with sth)	sheathe	in	with
shed sth	shed
shed sth (on/over sb/sth)	shed	on	over
shedload (of sth)	shedload	of
sheer away/off (from sth)	sheer	away	off	from
shell (sth)	shell
shell out (for sth)	shell	out	for
shell sth	shell
shell sth↔out (for sth)	shell↔out	for
shellac sb	shellac
shellac sth	shellac
shelter (from sth)	shelter	from
shelter sb/sth	shelter
shelter sb/sth from sb/sth	shelter	from
shelve adv./prep.	shelve	adv	prep
shelve sth	shelve
shepherd sb + adv./prep.	shepherd	adv	prep
shield sb/sth	shield
shield sb/sth from sb/sth	shield	from
shield sth	shield
shield sth against sth	shield	against
shift (from…) (to…)	shift	from	to
shift (from…) (to/towards/toward…)	shift	from	to	towards	toward
shift (in sth)	shift	in
shift (yourself)	shift	yourself
shift sth	shift
shift sth (from…) (to…)	shift	from	to
shift sth (from…) (to/towards/toward…)	shift	from	to	towards	toward
shimmy adv./prep.	shimmy	adv	prep
shin/shinny up/down sth	shin	shinny	up	down
shine sth	shine
shine sth (+ adv./prep.)	shine	adv	prep
shine through (sth)	shine	through
ship sb/sth + adv./prep.	ship	adv	prep
ship sb↔off	ship	sb↔off
ship sth	ship
shirk from sth/doing sth	shirk	from	doing
shirk sth/doing sth	shirk	doing
shirty (with sb)	shirty	with
shit (sth)	shit
shiver with sth	shiver	with
shock sb	shock
shock sb (to do sth)	shock	to	do
shock sb that…	shock	that
shock sb to do sth	shock	to	do
shoe sth	shoe
shoehorn sth + adv./prep.	shoehorn	adv	prep
shoo sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	shoo	adv	prep
shoo-in (for sth)	shooin	for
shoo-in (to do sth)	shooin	to	do
shoot (at sth)	shoot	at
shoot (sth)	shoot
shoot (sth) (at sb/sth)	shoot	at
shoot adv./prep.	shoot	adv	prep
shoot for sth	shoot	for
shoot it out (with sb)	shoot	it	out	with
shoot sb sth	shoot
shoot sb/sth + adj.	shoot	adj
shoot sb/sth/yourself	shoot	yourself
shoot sb/sth↔down	shoot	sb↔down
shoot sth	shoot
shoot sth (+ adv./prep.)	shoot	adv	prep
shoot sth (from sth)	shoot	from
shoot sth + adv./prep.	shoot	adv	prep
shoot sth at sb	shoot	at
shoot sth off	shoot	off
shoot sth↔up	shoot↔up
shoot the breeze/bull	shoot	the	breeze	bull
shoot your mouth off (about sth)	shoot	your	mouth	off	about
shop (for sth)	shop	for
shop around (for sth)	shop	around	for
shop sb (to sb)	shop	to
shoplift (sth)	shoplift
shore sth↔up	shore↔up
short (of sth)	short	of
short (sth) (out)	short	out
short (with sb)	short	with
short for sth	short	for
short of (doing) sth	short	of	doing
short on sth	short	on
short-change sb	shortchange
short-circuit (sth)	shortcircuit
short-circuit sth	shortcircuit
shorten (sth)	shorten
shorten sth to sth	shorten	to
shortfall (in sth)	shortfall	in
shorthand (for sth)	shorthand	for
shortlist sb/sth (for sth)	shortlist	for
shot (at sb/sth)	shot	at
shot (at sth/at doing sth)	shot	at	at	doing
shot (with sth)	shot	with
shot through with sth	shot	through	with
shoulder (of sth)	shoulder	of
shoulder adv./prep.	shoulder	adv	prep
shoulder sb/sth + adv./prep.	shoulder	adv	prep
shoulder sth	shoulder
shoulder to shoulder (with sb)	shoulder	to	shoulder	with
shout (out)	shout	out
shout (sb) sth	shout
shout at sb	shout	at
shout at sb to do sth	shout	at	to	do
shout for sth	shout	for
shout sb↔down	shout	sb↔down
shout sth (at/to sb)	shout	at	to
shout sth↔out	shout↔out
shout that…	shout	that
shout yourself + adj.	shout	yourself	adj
shout, etc. sth from the rooftops	shout	etc	from	the	rooftops
shove adv./prep.	shove	adv	prep
shove sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	shove	adv	prep
shove sth (+ adv./prep.)	shove	adv	prep
shovel sth (+ adv./prep.)	shovel	adv	prep
show (sb) how, what, etc…	show	how	what
show (that)…	show	that
show how, what, etc…	show	how	what
show sb (sth)	show
show sb + adv./prep.	show	adv	prep
show sb around/round (sth)	show	around	round
show sb sth	show
show sb that…	show	that
show sb the door	show	the	door
show sb which, what, etc…	show	which	what
show sb who's boss	show	whos	boss
show sb/know/learn the ropes	show	know	learn	the	ropes
show sb/sth (as sth)	show	as
show sb/sth doing sth	show	doing
show sb/sth to be/have sth	show	to	be	have
show sb/sth↔off	show	sb↔off
show sb↔up	show	sb↔up
show sth	show
show sth (for/to sb)	show	for	to
show sth to sb	show	to
show sth↔off	show↔off
show sth↔up	show↔up
show that…	show	that
show through sth	show	through
show your hand/cards	show	your	hand	cards
show yourself + adj.	show	yourself	adj
show yourself to be/have sth	show	yourself	to	be	have
showcase (for sb/sth)	showcase	for
showcase sth	showcase
shower (down) on sb/sth	shower	down	on
shower sb with sth	shower	with
shower sth on sb	shower	on
shred of sth	shred	of
shred sth	shred
shriek (in sth)	shriek	in
shriek at sb	shriek	at
shriek sth (at sb)	shriek	at
shriek with sth	shriek	with
shrine (for sb)	shrine	for
shrine (of sb/sth)	shrine	of
shrine (to sb/sth)	shrine	to
shrink (sth)	shrink
shrink adv./prep.	shrink	adv	prep
shrink doing sth	shrink	doing
shrink from sth	shrink	from
shrink sth	shrink
shrivel (up)	shrivel	up
shrivel sth (up)	shrivel	up
shroud of sth	shroud	of
shroud sth in sth	shroud	in
shrug sb/sth off/away	shrug	off	away
shrug sth	shrug
shrug sth off/aside	shrug	off	aside
shtup sb	shtup
shuck sth	shuck
shudder at sth	shudder	at
shudder to do sth	shudder	to	do
shudder with sth	shudder	with
shuffle (sth)	shuffle
shuffle adv./prep.	shuffle	adv	prep
shuffle sth	shuffle
shun sb/sth	shun
shunt sb/sth + adv./prep.	shunt	adv	prep
shunt sth	shunt
shush sb	shush
shut (sth)	shut
shut sb up	shut	up
shut sb/sth off from sth	shut	off	from
shut sb/sth up (in sth)	shut	up	in
shut sb/sth↔away	shut	sb↔away
shut sb/sth↔out (of sth)	shut	sb↔out	of
shut sb/yourself in (sth)	shut	yourself	in
shut sth in sth	shut	in
shut sth↔down	shut↔down
shut sth↔off	shut↔off
shut sth↔up	shut↔up
shut your mouth/face!	shut	your	mouth	face!
shut yourself off (from sth)	shut	yourself	off	from
shut/close your ears to sth	shut	close	your	ears	to
shut/close your eyes to sth	shut	close	your	eyes	to
shut/slam the door in sb's face	shut	slam	the	door	in	sbs	face
shuttle (between A and B)	shuttle	between	A	and	B
shuttle sb (+ adv./prep.)	shuttle	adv	prep
shy (at sth)	shy	at
shy (of sth)	shy	of
shy away (from sth)	shy	away	from
shy of/about (doing) sth	shy	of	about	doing
sic sb	sic
sic sth on sb	sic	on
sick of doing sth	sick	of	doing
sick of sb/sth	sick	of
sick sth↔up	sick↔up
sicken sb	sicken
side with sb (against sb/sth)	side	with	against
side-foot sth	sidefoot
sidelight (on sb/sth)	sidelight	on
sideline sb	sideline
sidestep (sth)	sidestep
sidestep sth	sidestep
sideswipe (at sb/sth)	sideswipe	at
sideswipe sb/sth	sideswipe
sidetrack sb (into doing sth)	sidetrack	into	doing
sidle adv./prep.	sidle	adv	prep
sieve sth	sieve
sift sth	sift
sift sth (out) from sth	sift	out	from
sift sth↔out	sift↔out
sift through sth	sift	through
sigh with sth	sigh	with
sight of sb/sth	sight	of
sight sth	sight
sight-read (sth)	sightread
sign (of doing sth)	sign	of	doing
sign (of sth/sb)	sign	of
sign (that…)	sign	that
sign (to/for sb) (to do sth)	sign	to	for	to	do
sign for sth	sign	for
sign in/out	sign	in	out
sign off on sth	sign	off	on
sign on/up	sign	on	up
sign sb	sign
sign sb↔in/out	sign	sb↔in	out
sign sb↔on/up	sign	sb↔on	up
sign sth	sign
sign sth↔away	sign↔away
sign sth↔off	sign↔off
sign sth↔over (to sb)	sign↔over	to
sign that…	sign	that
sign to do sth	sign	to	do
sign up (for sth)	sign	up	for
sign up to sth	sign	up	to
sign with sth	sign	with
sign yourself + noun	sign	yourself	noun
sign/take the pledge	sign	take	the	pledge
signal (that)…	signal	that
signal (to sb) (for sth)	signal	to	for
signal sb to do sth	signal	to	do
signal sth	signal
signal to/for sb to do sth	signal	to	for	to	do
signal which, what, etc…	signal	which	what
signatory (to/of sth)	signatory	to	of
signify sth	signify
signify that…	signify	that
signpost sth	signpost
silence (on sth)	silence	on
silence sb/sth	silence
silent (on/about sth)	silent	on	about
silhouette sb/sth (against sth)	silhouette	against
silk-screen sth	silkscreen
silt sth↔up	silt↔up
silver sth	silver
similar (in sth)	similar	in
similar (to sb/sth)	similar	to
similarity (between A and B)	similarity	between	A	and	B
similarity (in sth)	similarity	in
similarity (to sb/sth)	similarity	to
similarity in/of sth	similarity	in	of
similarity to/with sb/sth	similarity	to	with
similitude (between A and B)	similitude	between	A	and	B
similitude (to sb/sth)	similitude	to
simmer (sth)	simmer
simmer (with sth)	simmer	with
simplify sth	simplify
simulate sth	simulate
simulcast sth	simulcast
sin against sb/sth	sin	against
sincere in sth	sincere	in
sine qua non (of/for sth)	sine	qua	non	of	for
sing adv./prep.	sing	adv	prep
sing along (to sth)	sing	along	to
sing along (with sb/sth)	sing	along	with
sing from the same hymn/song sheet	sing	from	the	same	hymn	song	sheet
sing of sth	sing	of
sing sb sth	sing
sing sth	sing
sing sth to sb	sing	to
sing to sb	sing	to
singe (sth)	singe
single sb/sth↔out (for sth/as sb/sth)	single	sb↔out	for	as
sink adv./prep.	sink	adv	prep
sink into sth	sink	into
sink sth	sink
sink sth (+ adv./prep.)	sink	adv	prep
sink sth into sth	sink	into
sink sth/sb	sink
sink to sth	sink	to
sip (at sth)	sip	at
sip sth	sip
siphon sth (+ adv./prep.)	siphon	adv	prep
sire sth	sire
sit (for sb)	sit	for
sit about/around	sit	about	around
sit adv./prep.	sit	adv	prep
sit as sth	sit	as
sit at sb's feet	sit	at	sbs	feet
sit comfortably, easily, well, etc. (with sth)	sit	comfortably	easily	well	etc	with
sit doing sth	sit	doing
sit down and do sth	sit	down	and	do
sit for sb/sth	sit	for
sit for sth	sit	for
sit in for sb	sit	in	for
sit in judgement (on/over/upon sb)	sit	in	judgement	on	over	upon
sit in on sth	sit	in	on
sit in/on sth	sit	in	on
sit on sth	sit	on
sit sb + adv./prep.	sit	adv	prep
sit sb up	sit	up
sit sth	sit
sit sth↔out	sit↔out
sit through sth	sit	through
sit up (and do sth)	sit	up	and	do
sit/stand bolt upright	sit	stand	bolt	upright
sit/stand silently by	sit	stand	silently	by
site sth + adv./prep.	site	adv	prep
situate sth + adv./prep.	situate	adv	prep
size sb/sth↔up	size	sb↔up
size sth	size
skate over sth	skate	over
skate sth	skate
skeptical (about/of sth)	skeptical	about	of
sketch (sb/sth)	sketch
sketch sth (out)	sketch	out
sketch sth↔in	sketch↔in
skew adv./prep.	skew	adv	prep
skew sth	skew
skewed (towards sb/sth)	skewed	towards
skewer sth	skewer
ski adv./prep.	ski	adv	prep
skill in/at sth/doing sth	skill	in	at	doing
skilled in/at sth/doing sth	skilled	in	at	doing
skim (sth)	skim
skim along/over, etc. sth	skim	along	over	etc
skim sth	skim
skim sth (from sth)	skim	from
skim sth across, over, etc. sth	skim	across	over	etc
skim sth off/from sth	skim	off	from
skim sth/sb↔off	skim	sb↔off
skim through/over sth	skim	through	over
skimp (on sth)	skimp	on
skin sth	skin
skip adv./prep.	skip	adv	prep
skip off/out	skip	off	out
skip out on sb	skip	out	on
skip over sth	skip	over
skip sth	skip
skip sth (across, over, etc. sth)	skip	across	over	etc
skip to sth	skip	to
skipper sth	skipper
skirt around/round sth	skirt	around	round
skirt sth	skirt
skit (on sth)	skit	on
skitter adv./prep.	skitter	adv	prep
skive sth	skive
skulk adv./prep.	skulk	adv	prep
sky sth	sky
slack off (on sth)	slack	off	on
slacken (off)	slacken	off
slacken sth	slacken
slag sb↔off	slag	sb↔off
slake sth	slake
slam adv./prep.	slam	adv	prep
slam into/against sb/sth	slam	into	against
slam sb/sth	slam
slam sth	slam
slam sth + adj.	slam	adj
slam sth + adv./prep.	slam	adv	prep
slam sth into/against sb/sth	slam	into	against
slam-dunk sth	slamdunk
slander sb/sth	slander
slant (on sth/sb)	slant	on
slant adv./prep.	slant	adv	prep
slant sth (+ adv./prep.)	slant	adv	prep
slant sth + adv./prep.	slant	adv	prep
slanted (towards sb/sth)	slanted	towards
slap adv./prep.	slap	adv	prep
slap sb about/around	slap	about	around
slap sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	slap	adv	prep
slap sb/sth↔down	slap	sb↔down
slap sth + adv./prep.	slap	adv	prep
slap sth on sb/sth	slap	on
slap sth on sth	slap	on
slap sth↔on	slap↔on
slash at sb/sth (with sth)	slash	at	with
slash sth	slash
slate sb for sth	slate	for
slate sb to do sth	slate	to	do
slate sb/sth (for sth)	slate	for
slate sth for sth	slate	for
slate sth to do sth	slate	to	do
slather sth on sth	slather	on
slather sth↔on	slather↔on
slather with/in sth	slather	with	in
slaughter sb/sth	slaughter
slaughter sth	slaughter
slave (away) (at sth)	slave	away	at
slave of sth	slave	of
slave to sth	slave	to
slay sb	slay
slay sb/sth	slay
sleek sth (back/down)	sleek	back	down
sleep adv./prep.	sleep	adv	prep
sleep like a log/baby	sleep	like	a	log	baby
sleep on sth	sleep	on
sleep sb	sleep
sleep sth↔off	sleep↔off
sleep with sb	sleep	with
slew adv./prep.	slew	adv	prep
slew of sth	slew	of
slew sth + adv./prep.	slew	adv	prep
slice adv./prep.	slice	adv	prep
slice and dice (sth)	slice	and	dice
slice sth	slice
slice sth (+ adj.)	slice	adj
slice sth (up)	slice	up
slice sth off sth	slice	off
slice sth↔off/away	slice↔off	away
slick sth + adv./prep.	slick	adv	prep
slide (down/into/towards sth)	slide	down	into	towards
slide (from…) (to…)	slide	from	to
slide (sth) + adj.	slide	adj
slide adv./prep.	slide	adv	prep
slide sth + adv./prep.	slide	adv	prep
slight (on sb/sth)	slight	on
slight sb	slight
slim sth↔down	slim↔down
sling off at sb	sling	off	at
sling sb + adv./prep.	sling	adv	prep
sling sb sth	sling
sling sth + adv./prep.	sling	adv	prep
slink adv./prep.	slink	adv	prep
slip (over)	slip	over
slip (sth) + adj.	slip	adj
slip adv./prep.	slip	adv	prep
slip one over on sb	slip	one	over	on
slip sb sth	slip
slip sth	slip
slip sth + adv./prep.	slip	adv	prep
slip sth to sb	slip	to
slit sth	slit
slit sth + adj.	slit	adj
slither adv./prep.	slither	adv	prep
slob around/out	slob	around	out
slobber over sb/sth	slobber	over
slog (away) (at sth)	slog	away	at
slog (sth) (+ adv./prep.)	slog	adv	prep
slog (through sth)	slog	through
slog adv./prep.	slog	adv	prep
slog/sweat/work your guts out	slog	sweat	work	your	guts	out
slop about/around	slop	about	around
slop adv./prep.	slop	adv	prep
slop sth (+ adv./prep.)	slop	adv	prep
slope adv./prep.	slope	adv	prep
slosh about/around	slosh	about	around
slosh adv./prep.	slosh	adv	prep
slosh sth + adv./prep.	slosh	adv	prep
slot adv./prep.	slot	adv	prep
slot sb/sth↔in	slot	sb↔in
slot sth + adv./prep.	slot	adv	prep
slouch adv./prep.	slouch	adv	prep
slough sth	slough
slough sth off	slough	off
slough sth↔off	slough↔off
slow doing sth	slow	doing
slow down/up	slow	down	up
slow in doing sth	slow	in	doing
slow sth/sb	slow
slow sth/sb down/up	slow	down	up
slow to do sth	slow	to	do
slug sb	slug
slug sth	slug
sluice adv./prep.	sluice	adv	prep
sluice sth (down/out)	sluice	down	out
sluice sth (with sth)	sluice	with
slump (from sth) (to sth)	slump	from	to
slump (in sth)	slump	in
slump adv./prep.	slump	adv	prep
slump by sth	slump	by
slumped (against/over sth)	slumped	against	over
slur (on sb/sth)	slur	on
slur sb/sth	slur
slur sth	slur
slurp (from sth)	slurp	from
slurp sth	slurp
smack adv./prep.	smack	adv	prep
smack of sth	smack	of
smack sb/sth	smack
smack sb↔up	smack	sb↔up
smack sth + adv./prep.	smack	adv	prep
small office/home office	small	office	home	office
smart (from sth)	smart	from
smart (from/over sth)	smart	from	over
smarten (yourself) up	smarten	yourself	up
smarten sb/sth↔up	smarten	sb↔up
smash (sth)	smash
smash adv./prep.	smash	adv	prep
smash sth	smash
smash sth (up)	smash	up
smash sth + adj.	smash	adj
smash sth + adv./prep.	smash	adv	prep
smash sth/sb	smash
smash sth/sb (+ adv./prep.)	smash	adv	prep
smash sth↔down	smash↔down
smash sth↔in	smash↔in
smash sth↔up	smash↔up
smash, blow, etc. sth to smithereens	smash	blow	etc	to	smithereens
smattering (of sth)	smattering	of
smear (sth)	smear
smear sb/sth	smear
smear sth	smear
smear sth on/over sth	smear	on	over
smear sth with sth	smear	with
smell (that)…	smell	that
smell like sth	smell	like
smell of sth	smell	of
smell sb/sth↔out	smell	sb↔out
smell sth	smell
smell sth doing sth	smell	doing
smell, stink, etc. to high heaven	smell	stink	etc	to	high	heaven
smelt sth	smelt
smidgen (of sth)	smidgen	of
smile at sb/sth	smile	at
smile on sb/sth	smile	on
smile sth	smile
smile/grin/beam from ear to ear	smile	grin	beam	from	ear	to	ear
smite sb	smite
smite sb/sth	smite
smitten (with/by sb/sth)	smitten	with	by
smitten with/by sth	smitten	with	by
smoke (sth)	smoke
smoke sb/sth↔out	smoke	sb↔out
smoke sth	smoke
smoodge (to sb)	smoodge	to
smooth (sb's) ruffled feathers	smooth	sbs	ruffled	feathers
smooth sth (back/down/out)	smooth	back	down	out
smooth sth + adj.	smooth	adj
smooth sth on/into/over sth	smooth	on	into	over
smooth sth↔away/out	smooth↔away	out
smooth sth↔over	smooth↔over
smooth the path/way	smooth	the	path	way
smother sb	smother
smother sb (with sth)	smother	with
smother sth	smother
smother sth/sb with/in sth	smother	with	in
smoulder (in sth)	smoulder	in
smoulder (with sth)	smoulder	with
SMS (sb)	SMS
smudge (sth)	smudge
smudge sth	smudge
smuggle sth/sb (+ adv./prep.)	smuggle	adv	prep
snack on sth	snack	on
snaffle sth	snaffle
snag (on/in sth)	snag	on	in
snag sth	snag
snag sth (from sb)	snag	from
snag sth on/in sth	snag	on	in
snake adv./prep.	snake	adv	prep
snap (at sb)	snap	at
snap (at sb/sth)	snap	at
snap (away)	snap	away
snap (off)	snap	off
snap (sth)	snap
snap adv./prep.	snap	adv	prep
snap out of it/sth	snap	out	of	it
snap sb out of it/sth	snap	out	of	it
snap sth	snap
snap sth + adj.	snap	adj
snap sth off (sth)	snap	off
snap sth↔out	snap↔out
snap sth↔up	snap↔up
snare sth/sb	snare
snarf sth	snarf
snarl (at sb/sth)	snarl	at
snarl speech (at sb)	snarl	speech	at
snarl sth (at sb)	snarl	at
snarl sth↔up	snarl↔up
snatch adv./prep.	snatch	adv	prep
snatch at sth	snatch	at
snatch sb/sth (from sb/sth)	snatch	from
snatch sth	snatch
snatch sth (+ adv./prep.)	snatch	adv	prep
sneak (on sb) (to sb)	sneak	on	to
sneak adv./prep.	sneak	adv	prep
sneak sb sth	sneak
sneak sth	sneak
sneak sth to sb	sneak	to
sneak up (on sb/sth)	sneak	up	on
sneer (at sb/sth)	sneer	at
snicker (at sb/sth)	snicker	at
sniff (at sth)	sniff	at
sniff (sth)	sniff
sniff around/round	sniff	around	round
sniff around/round sb	sniff	around	round
sniff at sth	sniff	at
sniff of sth	sniff	of
sniff sb/sth↔out	sniff	sb↔out
sniff sth	sniff
sniffy (about sth)	sniffy	about
snigger (at sb/sth)	snigger	at
snip (at/through sth)	snip	at	through
snip sth	snip
snip sth↔off	snip↔off
snipe (at sb/sth)	snipe	at
snitch (on sb) (to sb)	snitch	on	to
snog sb	snog
snooker sb	snooker
snooker sb/sth	snooker
snoop (around/round sth)	snoop	around	round
snoop (on sb)	snoop	on
snort in sth	snort	in
snort sth	snort
snort with sth	snort	with
snow sb	snow
snub (to sb)	snub	to
snub sb	snub
snub sth	snub
snuff (sth)	snuff
snuff sth (out)	snuff	out
snuff sth↔out	snuff↔out
snuffle (about/around)	snuffle	about	around
snuggle adv./prep.	snuggle	adv	prep
snuggle sth + adv./prep.	snuggle	adv	prep
so … (that)…	so		that
so … as to do sth	so		as	to	do
so (that…)	so	that
so as to do sth	so	as	to	do
so help me (God)	so	help	me	God
so much for sth	so	much	for
so much the better/worse	so	much	the	better	worse
so that/in order that sb/sth	so	that	in	order	that
so that/in order that sb/sth would	so	that	in	order	that	would
so… that	so	that
soak (in sth)	soak	in
soak into/through sth	soak	into	through
soak sb	soak
soak sb/sth	soak
soak sth (in sth)	soak	in
soak sth↔off/out	soak↔off	out
soak sth↔up	soak↔up
soaked (with sth)	soaked	with
soap yourself/sb/sth	soap	yourself
soar (up) (into sth)	soar	up	into
sob sth (out)	sob	out
sober (sb)	sober
sober sb up	sober	up
socialize (with sb)	socialize	with
socialize sb (to do sth)	socialize	to	do
socialize sth	socialize
sock it to sb	sock	it	to
sock sb	sock
sock sth↔away	sock↔away
sod sth	sod
sodomize sb	sodomize
soft (on sb/sth)	soft	on
soft (with sb)	soft	with
soft-pedal (on) sth	softpedal	on
soft-shoe adv./prep.	softshoe	adv	prep
soft-soap sb	softsoap
soften (sth)	soften
soften sb/sth	soften
soften sb↔up	soften	sb↔up
soften sth	soften
soften/cushion the blow	soften	cushion	the	blow
soil sth	soil
sojourn adv./prep.	sojourn	adv	prep
solace sb	solace
solder (A and B together)	solder	A	and	B	together
solder sth (to/onto sth)	solder	to	onto
sole sth	sole
solemnize sth	solemnize
solicit (for sth)	solicit	for
solicit (sb)	solicit
solicit sb (for sth)	solicit	for
solicit sb to do sth	solicit	to	do
solicit sth (from sb)	solicit	from
solicitude (for sb/sth)	solicitude	for
solidarity with sb	solidarity	with
solidify (into sth)	solidify	into
solidify (sth)	solidify
solidify sth	solidify
soluble (in sth)	soluble	in
solution (to sth)	solution	to
solve sth	solve
some (of sb/sth)	some	of
some (people, members, etc.) are more equal than others	some	people	members	etc	are	more	equal	than	others
somebody/something/somewhere or other	somebody	something	somewhere	or	other
somersault adv./prep.	somersault	adv	prep
something of the/that kind	something	of	the	that	kind
somewhere around, between, etc. sth	somewhere	around	between	etc
soothe sb	soothe
soothe sth	soothe
soothe sth↔away	soothe↔away
sop (to sb/sth)	sop	to
sore (at sb/about sth)	sore	at	about
sorrow (at/for/over sth)	sorrow	at	for	over
sorry (about sth)	sorry	about
sorry (for sth/doing sth)	sorry	for	doing
sorry (that)…	sorry	that
sorry to do sth	sorry	to	do
sort out/separate the sheep from the goats	sort	out	separate	the	sheep	from	the	goats
sort out/separate the wheat from the chaff	sort	out	separate	the	wheat	from	the	chaff
sort sb↔out	sort	sb↔out
sort sth	sort
sort sth from sth	sort	from
sort sth into sth	sort	into
sort sth/sb/yourself out	sort	yourself	out
sort sth↔out	sort↔out
sort sth↔out (from sth)	sort↔out	from
sort through sth (for sth)	sort	through	for
sortie into sth	sortie	into
sound (sth)	sound
sound as if/as though…	sound	as	if	as	though
sound like sb/sth	sound	like
sound off (about sth)	sound	off	about
sound sb↔out (about/on sth)	sound	sb↔out	about	on
sound sth	sound
sound sth↔out	sound↔out
sound/strike a note (of sth)	sound	strike	a	note	of
soundproof sth	soundproof
soup sth↔up	soup↔up
sour (sth)	sour
sour sth	sour
source sth (from…)	source	from
souse sth/sb	souse
south of sth	south	of
sovereignty (over sth)	sovereignty	over
sow (sth)	sow
sow (your) wild oats	sow	your	wild	oats
sow sth (in sth)	sow	in
sow sth with sth	sow	with
sow the seeds of sth	sow	the	seeds	of
space sth (+ adv./prep.)	space	adv	prep
space sth↔out	space↔out
span (of sth)	span	of
span sth	span
spangle sth (with sth)	spangle	with
spank sb/sth	spank
spar (with sb)	spar	with
spare sb sth	spare
spare sb's blushes	spare	sbs	blushes
spare sb's feelings	spare	sbs	feelings
spare sb/sth (from sth)	spare	from
spare sb/sth sth	spare
spare sb/yourself from sth	spare	yourself	from
spare sb/yourself sth	spare	yourself
spare sth/sb	spare
spare sth/sb for sb/sth	spare	for
sparing with sth	sparing	with
spark of sth	spark	of
spark sth	spark
spark sth off	spark	off
spark up sth	spark	up
sparkle (with sth)	sparkle	with
spasm (of sth)	spasm	of
spate of sth	spate	of
spatter (of sth)	spatter	of
spatter adv./prep.	spatter	adv	prep
spatter sb/sth	spatter
spatter sb/sth with sth	spatter	with
spatter sth on/over sb/sth	spatter	on	over
spawn (sth)	spawn
spawn sth	spawn
spay sth	spay
speak (to sb) (about sth/sb)	speak	to	about
speak (with sb) (about sth/sb)	speak	with	about
speak adv./prep.	speak	adv	prep
speak for itself/themselves	speak	for	itself	themselves
speak for myself/herself/himself, etc.	speak	for	myself	herself	himself	etc
speak for sb	speak	for
speak in sth	speak	in
speak of sth	speak	of
speak of/about sth/sb	speak	of	about
speak out (against sth)	speak	out	against
speak sth	speak
speak to sb (about sth)	speak	to	about
speak up (for sb/sth)	speak	up	for
speak volumes (about/for sth/sb)	speak	volumes	about	for
speak well/ill of sb	speak	well	ill	of
speak/talk of the devil	speak	talk	of	the	devil
speak/talk out of turn	speak	talk	out	of	turn
speak/talk the same language	speak	talk	the	same	language
speak/think ill of sb	speak	think	ill	of
speaking as sth	speaking	as
spear sth/sb	spear
spearhead sth	spearhead
spec sth	spec
specialize (in sth)	specialize	in
specific to sth	specific	to
specify sth	specify
specify that…	specify	that
specify who, what, etc…	specify	who	what
spectre (of sth)	spectre	of
speculate (about/on/as to sth)	speculate	about	on	as	to
speculate (in/on sth)	speculate	in	on
speculate that…	speculate	that
speculate why, how, etc…	speculate	why	how
speculation (about/over sth)	speculation	about	over
speculation (in sth)	speculation	in
speculation (that…)	speculation	that
speech (on/about sth)	speech	on	about
speed adv./prep.	speed	adv	prep
speed sb/sth + adv./prep.	speed	adv	prep
speed sth	speed
speed sth↔up	speed↔up
speed-read (sth)	speedread
spell sb	spell
spell sth	spell
spell sth (for sb/sth)	spell	for
spell sth + adj.	spell	adj
spell sth↔out	spell↔out
spell why, what, etc…	spell	why	what
spellcheck sth	spellcheck
spend (sth doing sth)	spend	doing
spend sth	spend
spend sth + adv./prep.	spend	adv	prep
spend sth doing sth	spend	doing
spend sth in doing sth	spend	in	doing
spend sth on sth	spend	on
spend sth on sth/on doing sth	spend	on	on	doing
spend the night with sb	spend	the	night	with
spew (up)	spew	up
spew adv./prep.	spew	adv	prep
spew sth (up)	spew	up
spew sth + adv./prep.	spew	adv	prep
spice sth (up) (with sth)	spice	up	with
spiff sb/sth↔up	spiff	sb↔up
spike (to sth)	spike	to
spike sb's guns	spike	sbs	guns
spike sb/sth (on sth)	spike	on
spike sth	spike
spike sth (with sth)	spike	with
spill (sb's) blood	spill	sbs	blood
spill adv./prep.	spill	adv	prep
spill over (into sth)	spill	over	into
spill sth	spill
spill sth↔out	spill↔out
spill your guts (to sb)	spill	your	guts	to
spin (round/around)	spin	round	around
spin (sb) a yarn, tale, etc.	spin	a	yarn	tale	etc
spin (sb) round/around	spin	round	around
spin A into B	spin	A	into	B
spin adv./prep.	spin	adv	prep
spin off (from sth)	spin	off	from
spin sth	spin
spin sth (as sth)	spin	as
spin sth (round/around)	spin	round	around
spin sth↔off	spin↔off
spin sth↔off (from sth)	spin↔off	from
spin sth↔out	spin↔out
spin-dry sth	spindry
spin-off (from/of sth)	spinoff	from	of
spiral adv./prep.	spiral	adv	prep
spiral down/downward	spiral	down	downward
spirit sth + adv./prep.	spirit	adv	prep
spit at/on/in sb/sth	spit	at	on	in
spit sth (at sb)	spit	at
spit sth (from sth)	spit	from
spit sth (out)	spit	out
spit venom/blood	spit	venom	blood
spit-roast sth	spitroast
spite sb	spite
splash adv./prep.	splash	adv	prep
splash out (on sth)	splash	out	on
splash sb/sth	splash
splash sb/sth with sth	splash	with
splash sth across/over sth	splash	across	over
splash sth on/onto/over sb/sth	splash	on	onto	over
splash sth with sth	splash	with
splash sth↔out (on/for sth)	splash↔out	on	for
splatter adv./prep.	splatter	adv	prep
splatter sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	splatter	adv	prep
splay (sth) (out)	splay	out
splice sth (together)	splice	together
splinter (off) (from sth)	splinter	off	from
splinter sth	splinter
split (between A and B)	split	between	A	and	B
split (from sb)	split	from
split (into sth)	split	into
split (sth)	split
split (sth) open	split	open
split (with sb)	split	with
split (with sb/sth)	split	with
split (within sth)	split	within
split away/off (from sth)	split	away	off	from
split on sb (to sb)	split	on	to
split sb up	split	up
split sth	split
split sth (into sth)	split	into
split sth (with sb)	split	with
split sth between sb/sth	split	between
split sth open	split	open
split sth↔away/off (from sth)	split↔away	off	from
split sth↔up	split↔up
split up (with sb)	split	up	with
split your sides (laughing/with laughter)	split	your	sides	laughing	with	laughter
split/divide sth down the middle	split	divide	down	the	middle
splosh adv./prep.	splosh	adv	prep
splurge (sth) (on sth)	splurge	on
splutter (with sth)	splutter	with
splutter speech (out)	splutter	speech	out
spoil sb	spoil
spoil sb/yourself	spoil	yourself
spoil sth	spoil
spoil the ship for a ha'p'orth/ha'pennyworth of tar	spoil	the	ship	for	a	haporth	hapennyworth	of	tar
spokesman for sb/sth	spokesman	for
spokesperson (for sb/sth)	spokesperson	for
sponge (off/on sb)	sponge	off	on
sponge sb/yourself/sth (down)	sponge	yourself	down
sponge sth + adv./prep.	sponge	adv	prep
sponsor sb (for sth/to do sth)	sponsor	for	to	do
sponsor sb (through sth)	sponsor	through
sponsor sth	sponsor
spoof sth	spoof
spook (sb/sth)	spook
spool (sth)	spool
spool sth + adv./prep.	spool	adv	prep
spoon sth + adv./prep.	spoon	adv	prep
spoon-feed sb	spoonfeed
spoon-feed sb (with sth)	spoonfeed	with
spoon-feed sth to sb	spoonfeed	to
sport adv./prep.	sport	adv	prep
sport sth	sport
spot (of sth)	spot	of
spot of sth	spot	of
spot sb/sth	spot
spot sb/sth doing sth	spot	doing
spot sb/sth sth	spot
spot that…	spot	that
spot what, where, etc…	spot	what	where
spotlight sth	spotlight
spout (off/on) (about sth)	spout	off	on	about
spout from/out of sth	spout	from	out	of
spout sth	spout
spout sth (from sth)	spout	from
sprain sth	sprain
sprawl adv./prep.	sprawl	adv	prep
spray (sth) (on/onto/over sb/sth)	spray	on	onto	over
spray adv./prep.	spray	adv	prep
spray sb/sth (with sth)	spray	with
spray sb/sth with sth	spray	with
spray sth + adj.	spray	adj
spray-paint A (with B)	spraypaint	A	with	B
spray-paint B (on A)	spraypaint	B	on	A
spread (A on/over B)	spread	A	on	over	B
spread (B with A)	spread	B	with	A
spread (of sth)	spread	of
spread (out) + adv./prep.	spread	out	adv	prep
spread adv./prep.	spread	adv	prep
spread sb/sth	spread
spread sth	spread
spread sth (out)	spread	out
spread sth (out) (on/over sth)	spread	out	on	over
spread sth (out) (over sth)	spread	out	over
spread sth between sb/sth	spread	between
spreadeagle sb	spreadeagle
spring adv./prep.	spring	adv	prep
spring for sth	spring	for
spring from sth	spring	from
spring from…	spring	from
spring into/to life	spring	into	to	life
spring sb	spring
spring sth	spring
spring sth on sb	spring	on
spring-clean (sth)	springclean
springboard (for/to sth)	springboard	for	to
springboard (sth) (into sth)	springboard	into
sprinkle A on/onto/over B	sprinkle	A	on	onto	over	B
sprinkle sth with sth	sprinkle	with
sprint adv./prep.	sprint	adv	prep
sprint sth	sprint
spritz sth	spritz
sprout from sth	sprout	from
sprout sth	sprout
spruce sb/sth/yourself↔up	spruce	yourself↔up
spur (to sth)	spur	to
spur sb/sth (on)	spur	on
spur sb/sth (on) to sth/to do sth	spur	on	to	to	do
spur sb/sth into sth	spur	into
spur sth	spur
spurn sb/sth	spurn
spurt (from sth)	spurt	from
spurt adv./prep.	spurt	adv	prep
spurt out (of/from sth)	spurt	out	of	from
spurt sth	spurt
spurt sth + adv./prep.	spurt	adv	prep
sputter sth	sputter
spy on sb/sth	spy	on
spy sb/sth	spy
spy sth↔out	spy↔out
squabble (with sb) (about/over sth)	squabble	with	about	over
squander sth (on sb/sth)	squander	on
square (with sb)	square	with
square (with sth)	square	with
square off (against sb)	square	off	against
square sb	square
square sth	square
square sth off	square	off
square sth with sb	square	with
square sth with sth	square	with
square sth↔away	square↔away
square up (to sb/sth)	square	up	to
square up (with sb)	square	up	with
square with sth	square	with
squash adv./prep.	squash	adv	prep
squash sb/sth + adv./prep.	squash	adv	prep
squash sb/sth↔up (against sb/sth)	squash	sb↔up	against
squash sth	squash
squash sth + adj.	squash	adj
squash sth against sth	squash	against
squash sth/sb	squash
squash up (against sb/sth)	squash	up	against
squat (down)	squat	down
squat (sth)	squat
squeak adv./prep.	squeak	adv	prep
squeal (on sb)	squeal	on
squeeze (sth)	squeeze
squeeze into, through, etc. sth	squeeze	into	through	etc
squeeze sb (for sth)	squeeze	for
squeeze sb dry	squeeze	dry
squeeze sb/sth	squeeze
squeeze sb/sth into, through, etc. sth	squeeze	into	through	etc
squeeze sb/sth↔in	squeeze	sb↔in
squeeze sb/sth↔out (of sth)	squeeze	sb↔out	of
squeeze sb↔up (against sb/sth)	squeeze	sb↔up	against
squeeze sth (out)	squeeze	out
squeeze sth + adj.	squeeze	adj
squeeze sth out of/from sb	squeeze	out	of	from
squeeze sth out of/from sth	squeeze	out	of	from
squeeze through, in, past, etc.	squeeze	through	in	past	etc
squeeze up (against sb/sth)	squeeze	up	against
squelch adv./prep.	squelch	adv	prep
squelch sth	squelch
squint sth	squint
squirm adv./prep.	squirm	adv	prep
squirrel sth↔away	squirrel↔away
squirt adv./prep.	squirt	adv	prep
squirt sb/sth (with sth)	squirt	with
squirt sth (+ adv./prep.)	squirt	adv	prep
squirt sth (at sb)	squirt	at
squish (sth)	squish
stab (at doing sth)	stab	at	doing
stab (at sth)	stab	at
stab at/into/through sth	stab	at	into	through
stab sb	stab
stab sb in the back	stab	in	the	back
stab sb/sth (with sth)	stab	with
stab sth (at/into/through sth)	stab	at	into	through
stabilize sth	stabilize
stable sth	stable
stack (of sth)	stack	of
stack (sth) (up)	stack	up
stack against sb/sth	stack	against
stack sth (with sth)	stack	with
staff sth	staff
stage sth	stage
stage-manage sth	stagemanage
stagger adv./prep.	stagger	adv	prep
stagger sb	stagger
stagger sth	stagger
staggered (at/by sth)	staggered	at	by
staggered (to hear, learn, see, etc.)	staggered	to	hear	learn	see	etc
stain (sth) (with sth)	stain	with
stain sth	stain
stain sth + adj.	stain	adj
stake (out) a/your claim (to/for/on sth)	stake	out	a	your	claim	to	for	on
stake in sth	stake	in
stake sth (on sth)	stake	on
stake sth (up)	stake	up
stake sth↔out	stake↔out
stalk (sth)	stalk
stalk (sth/sb)	stalk
stalk adv./prep.	stalk	adv	prep
stalk sb	stalk
stall (on/over sth)	stall	on	over
stall (sth)	stall
stall sb	stall
stall sth	stall
stalwart (of sth)	stalwart	of
stammer sth (out)	stammer	out
stamp (of sth)	stamp	of
stamp (sth)	stamp
stamp A (with B)	stamp	A	with	B
stamp A with B	stamp	A	with	B
stamp adv./prep.	stamp	adv	prep
stamp B over, across, etc. A	stamp	B	over	across	etc	A
stamp on sth	stamp	on
stamp sb as sth	stamp	as
stamp sth	stamp
stamp sth (out) (of/from sth)	stamp	out	of	from
stamp sth on sth	stamp	on
stamp sth↔out	stamp↔out
stampede (sth)	stampede
stampede sb (into sth/into doing sth)	stampede	into	into	doing
stance (on sth)	stance	on
stand (as sth)	stand	as
stand (for/as sth)	stand	for	as
stand (of sth)	stand	of
stand (on sth)	stand	on
stand a chance (of doing sth)	stand	a	chance	of	doing
stand adv./prep.	stand	adv	prep
stand at sth	stand	at
stand back (from sth)	stand	back	from
stand between sb/sth and sth	stand	between	and
stand by sb	stand	by
stand by sth	stand	by
stand doing sth	stand	doing
stand fast/firm	stand	fast	firm
stand for sth	stand	for
stand in (for sb)	stand	in	for
stand on your own (two) feet	stand	on	your	own	two	feet
stand out (as sth)	stand	out	as
stand out (from/against sth)	stand	out	from	against
stand over sb	stand	over
stand sb in good stead	stand	in	good	stead
stand sb sth	stand
stand sb up	stand	up
stand sb/sth	stand
stand sb/sth doing sth	stand	doing
stand sth	stand
stand sth/sb + adv./prep.	stand	adv	prep
stand to do sth	stand	to	do
stand up (to sth)	stand	up	to
stand up for sb/sth	stand	up	for
stand up to sb	stand	up	to
stand up to sth	stand	up	to
stand-off (between A and B)	standoff	between	A	and	B
stand/stick out a mile	stand	stick	out	a	mile
stand/stick out like a sore thumb	stand	stick	out	like	a	sore	thumb
stand/turn sth on its head	stand	turn	on	its	head
standard (of sth)	standard	of
standardize sth	standardize
staple (of sth)	staple	of
staple diet (of sth)	staple	diet	of
staple sth + adv./prep.	staple	adv	prep
star (with/opposite sb) (in sth)	star	with	opposite	in
star sb	star
star sth	star
starch sth	starch
stare (at sb/sth)	stare	at
stare sb out	stare	out
start (on sth)	start	on
start (out)	start	out
start (sth)	start
start (up)	start	up
start adv./prep.	start	adv	prep
start as sth	start	as
start by doing sth	start	by	doing
start doing sth	start	doing
start on (at sb) about sth	start	on	at	about
start on at sb (about sth)	start	on	at	about
start on sb	start	on
start out/off (as sth)	start	out	off	as
start sb off (on sth)	start	off	on
start sb/sth doing sth	start	doing
start sth	start
start sth (as sth)	start	as
start sth (up)	start	up
start sth↔up	start↔up
start to do sth	start	to	do
starting point (for sth)	starting	point	for
startle sb/sth	startle
starve sb into sth/into doing sth	starve	into	into	doing
starve sb/sth of sth	starve	of
starve sb/yourself	starve	yourself
starve sb↔out (of sth)	starve	sb↔out	of
stash sth + adv./prep.	stash	adv	prep
state how, what, etc…	state	how	what
state sth	state
state that…	state	that
statement (on/about sth)	statement	on	about
statement sb	statement
station sb + adv./prep.	station	adv	prep
station sb/yourself + adv./prep.	station	yourself	adv	prep
staunch sth	staunch
stave sth↔in	stave↔in
stave sth↔off	stave↔off
stay adv./prep.	stay	adv	prep
stay away (from sb/sth)	stay	away	from
stay doing sth	stay	doing
stay out of sth	stay	out	of
steadfast in sth	steadfast	in
steady (yourself/sb/sth)	steady	yourself
steady against sth	steady	against
steady sb/sth	steady
steal (from sb/sth)	steal	from
steal a glance/look (at sb/sth)	steal	a	glance	look	at
steal a kiss (from sb)	steal	a	kiss	from
steal a march (on sb)	steal	a	march	on
steal adv./prep.	steal	adv	prep
steal sb's heart	steal	sbs	heart
steal sb's thunder	steal	sbs	thunder
steal sth	steal
steal sth (from sb/sth)	steal	from
steam (sth)	steam
steam adv./prep.	steam	adv	prep
steam sth off sth	steam	off
steam sth↔off	steam↔off
steam sth↔open	steam↔open
steam sth↔up	steam↔up
steamroller (sb/sth) (+ adv./prep.)	steamroller	adv	prep
steel yourself (for/against sth)	steel	yourself	for	against
steel yourself to do sth	steel	yourself	to	do
steep sth in sth	steep	in
steep yourself in sth	steep	yourself	in
steepen (sth)	steepen
steer (sth /sb) (+ adv./prep.)	steer		adv	prep
steer (sth) (+ adv./prep.)	steer	adv	prep
steer sth + adv./prep.	steer	adv	prep
stem from sth	stem	from
stem sth	stem
stencil (sth)	stencil
step adv./prep.	step	adv	prep
step aside/down	step	aside	down
step back (from sth)	step	back	from
step into sb's shoes	step	into	sbs	shoes
step on sb's toes	step	on	sbs	toes
step sth↔up	step↔up
stereotype sb	stereotype
stereotype sb as sth	stereotype	as
sterilize sb/sth	sterilize
sterilize sth	sterilize
stew (sth)	stew
stew adv./prep.	stew	adv	prep
sth befits sb	sth	befits
sth boggles the mind	sth	boggles	the	mind
sth comes home to roost	sth	comes	home	to	roost
sth comes to/reaches sb's ears	sth	comes	to	reaches	sbs	ears
sth does not come cheap	sth	does	not	come	cheap
sth drops/falls into sb's lap	sth	drops	falls	into	sbs	lap
sth is adjudged to be, have, etc. sth	sth	is	adjudged	to	be	have	etc
sth is stated to be/have sth	sth	is	stated	to	be	have
sth rears its (ugly) head	sth	rears	its	ugly	head
sth went out with the ark	sth	went	out	with	the	ark
sth won't/doesn't wash (with sb)	sth	wont	doesnt	wash	with
stick (in sth)	stick	in
stick adv./prep.	stick	adv	prep
stick at sth	stick	at
stick by sb	stick	by
stick by sth	stick	by
stick doing sth	stick	doing
stick in your throat/craw	stick	in	your	throat	craw
stick it/sth out	stick	it	out
stick out (of sth)	stick	out	of
stick out for sth	stick	out	for
stick sth + adv./prep.	stick	adv	prep
stick sth/sb	stick
stick sth↔down	stick↔down
stick sth↔out (of sth)	stick↔out	of
stick to sth	stick	to
stick up for sb/yourself/sth	stick	up	for	yourself
stick with sb/sth	stick	with
stickler (for sth)	stickler	for
stiff sb	stiff
stiffen (sth)	stiffen
stiffen (up)	stiffen	up
stiffen (with sth)	stiffen	with
stiffen sth	stiffen
stiffen sth (with sth)	stiffen	with
stifle sb	stifle
stifle sth	stifle
stigmatize sb/sth	stigmatize
still more/another	still	more	another
still sb/sth	still
stimulant (to sth)	stimulant	to
stimulate sb	stimulate
stimulate sb to do sth	stimulate	to	do
stimulate sth	stimulate
stimulus (to do sth)	stimulus	to	do
stimulus (to/for sth)	stimulus	to	for
sting (sb/sth)	sting
sting sb	sting
sting sb (for sth)	sting	for
sting sb for sth	sting	for
sting sb into doing sth	sting	into	doing
sting sb to/into sth	sting	to	into
sting sth	sting
stink (of sth)	stink	of
stink sth↔out	stink↔out
stint (as sth)	stint	as
stint (on sth)	stint	on
stipple sth	stipple
stipulate sth	stipulate
stipulate that…	stipulate	that
stipulate what, how, etc…	stipulate	what	how
stir (it)	stir	it
stir sb (to sth)	stir	to
stir sb↔up	stir	sb↔up
stir sth	stir
stir sth in	stir	in
stir sth into sth	stir	into
stir sth/sb	stir
stir sth↔up	stir↔up
stir yourself/sb	stir	yourself
stir-fry sth	stirfry
stirring (of sth)	stirring	of
stitch sb↔up	stitch	sb↔up
stitch sth (+ adv./prep.)	stitch	adv	prep
stitch sth (up)	stitch	up
stitch sth↔up	stitch↔up
stock (of sth)	stock	of
stock sth	stock
stock sth (with sth)	stock	with
stock sth↔up	stock↔up
stock up (on/with sth)	stock	up	on	with
stockpile sth	stockpile
stoke sth (up)	stoke	up
stoke sth (up) (with sth)	stoke	up	with
stoke up (on/with sth)	stoke	up	on	with
stomach sth	stomach
stomp adv./prep.	stomp	adv	prep
stone sb/sth	stone
stone sth	stone
stonewall (sb/sth)	stonewall
stoop (down)	stoop	down
stoop doing sth	stoop	doing
stoop so low (as to do sth)	stoop	so	low	as	to	do
stoop to sth	stoop	to
stop (doing sth)	stop	doing
stop by (sth)	stop	by
stop doing sth	stop	doing
stop for sth	stop	for
stop off (at/in…)	stop	off	at	in
stop over (at/in…)	stop	over	at	in
stop sb short	stop	short
stop sb/sth	stop
stop sb/sth doing sth	stop	doing
stop sb/sth from doing sth	stop	from	doing
stop short of sth/of doing sth	stop	short	of	of	doing
stop sth	stop
stop sth (up) (with sth)	stop	up	with
stop sth from sth	stop	from
stop to do sth	stop	to	do
stop what…	stop	what
stop/halt sb in their tracks	stop	halt	in	their	tracks
stop/halt/freeze in your tracks	stop	halt	freeze	in	your	tracks
stopper sth	stopper
store sth	store
store sth (away/up)	store	away	up
store sth↔up	store↔up
storm (of sth)	storm	of
storm adv./prep.	storm	adv	prep
storm into sth	storm	into
storm of sth	storm	of
storm sth	storm
story (about/of sth/sb)	story	about	of
storyboard sth	storyboard
stow sth (away) (in sth)	stow	away	in
straddle sth	straddle
straddle sth/sb	straddle
strafe sth	strafe
straggle adv./prep.	straggle	adv	prep
straight off/out	straight	off	out
straight-arm sb	straightarm
straighten (out)	straighten	out
straighten (up)	straighten	up
straighten sb↔out	straighten	sb↔out
straighten sth	straighten
straighten sth (out)	straighten	out
straighten sth/yourself up	straighten	yourself	up
straighten sth↔out	straighten↔out
straighten sth↔up	straighten↔up
strain (sth) (for sth)	strain	for
strain adv./prep.	strain	adv	prep
strain every nerve/sinew (to do sth)	strain	every	nerve	sinew	to	do
strain sth	strain
strain sth off	strain	off
strain sth to do sth	strain	to	do
strain sth/yourself	strain	yourself
strain to do sth	strain	to	do
strand sb	strand
strand sth	strand
strange (how…)	strange	how
strange (that)…	strange	that
strange to sb	strange	to
stranger to sb	stranger	to
stranger to…	stranger	to
strangle sb	strangle
strangle sth	strangle
stranglehold (on sth)	stranglehold	on
strap sth (up)	strap	up
strap sth + adv./prep.	strap	adv	prep
strategy for doing sth	strategy	for	doing
strategy to do sth	strategy	to	do
stratify sth	stratify
stravaig adv./prep.	stravaig	adv	prep
stray adv./prep.	stray	adv	prep
streak adv./prep.	streak	adv	prep
streak sth	streak
streak sth with sth	streak	with
stream (of sth)	stream	of
stream (of sth/sb)	stream	of
stream adv./prep.	stream	adv	prep
stream from sth	stream	from
stream of sth	stream	of
stream sb	stream
stream sth	stream
stream with sth	stream	with
streamline sth	streamline
streets ahead (of sb/sth)	streets	ahead	of
strength to do sth	strength	to	do
strengthen sb/sth	strengthen
stress (on sth)	stress	on
stress how, what, etc…	stress	how	what
stress sb (out)	stress	out
stress sth	stress
stress that…	stress	that
stretch (of sth)	stretch	of
stretch (sth)	stretch
stretch (to sth)	stretch	to
stretch adv./prep.	stretch	adv	prep
stretch sb/sth	stretch
stretch sth	stretch
stretch sth + adj.	stretch	adj
stretch sth + adv./prep.	stretch	adv	prep
stretcher sb + adv./prep.	stretcher	adv	prep
strew A on, over, across, etc. B	strew	A	on	over	across	etc	B
strew sth	strew
stricken with/by sth	stricken	with	by
stricture (against/on sth)	stricture	against	on
stricture (on sb/sth)	stricture	on
stride adv./prep.	stride	adv	prep
strike (against sb/sth)	strike	against
strike (for sth)	strike	for
strike (it) lucky	strike	it	lucky
strike (off/out)	strike	off	out
strike (sth)	strike
strike a balance (between A and B)	strike	a	balance	between	A	and	B
strike a bargain/deal	strike	a	bargain	deal
strike a blow for/against/at sth	strike	a	blow	for	against	at
strike a pose/an attitude	strike	a	pose	an	attitude
strike at sb/sth	strike	at
strike back (at/against sb)	strike	back	at	against
strike fear, etc. into sb/sb's heart	strike	fear	etc	into	sbs	heart
strike out (at sb/sth)	strike	out	at
strike out (for/towards sth)	strike	out	for	towards
strike sb	strike
strike sb (as sth)	strike	as
strike sb + adj.	strike	adj
strike sb down	strike	down
strike sb/sth	strike
strike sb/sth (sth)	strike
strike sb/sth off (sth)	strike	off
strike sb↔out	strike	sb↔out
strike sth	strike
strike sth ↔down	strike	↔down
strike sth↔off	strike↔off
strike sth↔out/through	strike↔out	through
strike up (with sth)	strike	up	with
strike up sth	strike	up
strike up sth (with sb)	strike	up	with
strike/touch a chord (with sb)	strike	touch	a	chord	with
string A on, along, in, etc. B	string	A	on	along	in	etc	B
string along (with sb)	string	along	with
string sb along	string	along
string sb↔up	string	sb↔up
string sth	string
string sth + adv./prep.	string	adv	prep
string sth↔out	string↔out
string sth↔together	string↔together
strip (sth) off	strip	off
strip A off/from B	strip	A	off	from	B
strip down to sth	strip	down	to
strip sb (to sth)	strip	to
strip sb + adj.	strip	adj
strip sb of sth	strip	of
strip sth (down)	strip	down
strip sth (off)	strip	off
strip sth (out)	strip	out
strip sth + adj.	strip	adj
strip sth↔away	strip↔away
strip-search sb	stripsearch
strive (against sth)	strive	against
strive (for sth)	strive	for
strive to do sth	strive	to	do
stroke (of sth)	stroke	of
stroke sb	stroke
stroke sth	stroke
stroke sth + adv./prep.	stroke	adv	prep
stroke sth/sb	stroke
stroll adv./prep.	stroll	adv	prep
structure sth	structure
structure sth around sth	structure	around
struggle (against sb/sth)	struggle	against
struggle (between A and B)	struggle	between	A	and	B
struggle (for sth)	struggle	for
struggle (to do sth)	struggle	to	do
struggle (with sb) (for sth)	struggle	with	for
struggle (with sb) (for/against sth)	struggle	with	for	against
struggle (with sb) (to do sth)	struggle	with	to	do
struggle (with sb/sth)	struggle	with
struggle adv./prep.	struggle	adv	prep
struggle along/on	struggle	along	on
struggle to do sth	struggle	to	do
struggle with sb	struggle	with
strum (on) sth	strum	on
strung out (on sth)	strung	out	on
stub sth↔out	stub↔out
stuck (for sth)	stuck	for
stuck (on sth)	stuck	on
stuck with sb/sth	stuck	with
stud sth	stud
studded with sth	studded	with
student of sth	student	of
study (for sth)	study	for
study (in sth)	study	in
study (sth)	study
study (sth) at…	study	at
study (sth) under…	study	under
study how, what, etc…	study	how	what
study sth	study
study to do/be sth	study	to	do	be
stuff (of sth)	stuff	of
stuff A with B	stuff	A	with	B
stuff B in, into, under, etc. A	stuff	B	in	into	under	etc	A
stuff sb/yourself	stuff	yourself
stuff sb/yourself with sth	stuff	yourself	with
stuff sth	stuff
stuff sth + adj.	stuff	adj
stuff sth + adv./prep.	stuff	adv	prep
stultify sb	stultify
stumble (over/through sth)	stumble	over	through
stumble across/on/upon sth/sb	stumble	across	on	upon
stumble adv./prep.	stumble	adv	prep
stumble into sth	stumble	into
stumble over/on sth	stumble	over	on
stumbling block (to doing sth)	stumbling	block	to	doing
stumbling block (to sth)	stumbling	block	to
stump adv./prep.	stump	adv	prep
stump sb	stump
stump sth	stump
stump up (for sth)	stump	up	for
stump up sth (for sth)	stump	up	for
stun sb	stun
stun sb/sth	stun
stunt sb/sth	stunt
stupefy sb	stupefy
stutter (sth)	stutter
style (of sth)	style	of
style sb/sth/yourself + noun	style	yourself	noun
style sth	style
style sth/yourself on sth/sb	style	yourself	on
stymie sb/sth	stymie
sub (for sb)	sub	for
sub sb	sub
sub sb sth	sub
sub sth for sth	sub	for
subcontract sb/sth (to do sth)	subcontract	to	do
subcontract sth (to sb/sth)	subcontract	to
subdivide (sth) (into sth)	subdivide	into
subdue sb/sth	subdue
subdue sth	subdue
subedit (sth)	subedit
subject sb/sth to sth	subject	to
subject sth (to sth)	subject	to
subject to sth	subject	to
subject to sth/sb	subject	to
subjugate sb/sth	subjugate
sublet (sth) (to sb)	sublet	to
sublimate sth	sublimate
submerge sth	submerge
submit (to sb/sth)	submit	to
submit sth (to sb/sth)	submit	to
submit that…	submit	that
submit yourself (to sb/sth)	submit	yourself	to
subordinate (to sb)	subordinate	to
subordinate (to sth)	subordinate	to
subordinate sb/sth (to sb/sth)	subordinate	to
suborn sb	suborn
subpoena sb (to do sth)	subpoena	to	do
subscribe (for sth)	subscribe	for
subscribe (to sth)	subscribe	to
subscribe sth	subscribe
subscribe to sth	subscribe	to
subscription (to/for sth)	subscription	to	for
subservient (to sb/sth)	subservient	to
subservient (to sth)	subservient	to
subsidiary (to sth)	subsidiary	to
subsidize sb/sth	subsidize
subsist (on sth)	subsist	on
substantiate sth	substantiate
substitute A for B	substitute	A	for	B
substitute B with/by A	substitute	B	with	by	A
substitute for sb/sth	substitute	for
substitute sb/sth	substitute
subsume sth + adv./prep.	subsume	adv	prep
subtend sth	subtend
subtitle sth	subtitle
subtitle sth + noun	subtitle	noun
subtract (sth) (from sth)	subtract	from
subvert (sth)	subvert
subvert sth	subvert
succeed (to sth)	succeed	to
succeed as sth	succeed	as
succeed in doing sth	succeed	in	doing
succeed in sth	succeed	in
succeed sb/sth	succeed
success (in doing sth)	success	in	doing
success (in sth)	success	in
successful (at sth/at doing sth)	successful	at	at	doing
successful (in sth/in doing sth)	successful	in	in	doing
successor (to sb/sth)	successor	to
succour sb	succour
succumb to sth	succumb	to
such (is, was, etc.) sth that…	such	is	was	etc	that
such as it is/they are	such	as	it	is	they	are
suck at/on sth	suck	at	on
suck sb in	suck	in
suck sb into sth	suck	into
suck sb/sth + adv./prep.	suck	adv	prep
suck sth	suck
suck sth (+ adv./prep.)	suck	adv	prep
suck sth + adj.	suck	adj
suck sth + adv./prep.	suck	adv	prep
suck up (to sb)	suck	up	to
sucker for sb/sth	sucker	for
sucker punch sb	sucker	punch
sucker sb into sth/into doing sth	sucker	into	into	doing
suckle sb/sth	suckle
suction sth	suction
sue (sb) (for sth)	sue	for
sue for sth	sue	for
suffer for sth	suffer	for
suffer from sth	suffer	from
suffer sth	suffer
suffice (it) to say (that)…	suffice	it	to	say	that
suffice to do sth	suffice	to	do
sufficiency (of sth)	sufficiency	of
sufficient for sth/sb	sufficient	for
sufficient to do sth	sufficient	to	do
suffocate sb/sth	suffocate
suffuse sb/sth (with sth)	suffuse	with
sugar sth	sugar
sugar-coat sth	sugarcoat
sugar/sweeten the pill	sugar	sweeten	the	pill
suggest (that)…	suggest	that
suggest doing sth	suggest	doing
suggest how, what, etc…	suggest	how	what
suggest itself (to sb)	suggest	itself	to
suggest sb/sth	suggest
suggest sb/sth as sth	suggest	as
suggest sb/sth for sth	suggest	for
suggest sth	suggest
suggest sth (to sb)	suggest	to
suggest sth to sb	suggest	to
suggestion (for/about/on sth)	suggestion	for	about	on
suggestion (that…)	suggestion	that
suggestion of sth	suggestion	of
suggestion that…	suggestion	that
suggestive (of sth)	suggestive	of
suit sb	suit
suit sb down to the ground	suit	down	to	the	ground
suit sb/sth	suit
suit sth to sth/sb	suit	to
suit your/sb's book	suit	your	sbs	book
suitable for sth/sb	suitable	for
suitable to do sth	suitable	to	do
suited (for sb/sth)	suited	for
suited (to sb/sth)	suited	to
sully sth	sully
sum (of sth)	sum	of
sum sb/sth↔up	sum	sb↔up
sum sth↔up	sum↔up
sum what…	sum	what
summarize (sth)	summarize
summon sb (to do sth)	summon	to	do
summon sb (to sth)	summon	to
summon sb to do sth	summon	to	do
summon sth	summon
summon sth (up)	summon	up
summon sth↔up	summon↔up
summons sb (for sth)	summons	for
summons sb to do sth	summons	to	do
sunder sth/sb (from sth/sb)	sunder	from
sunset (sth)	sunset
sup (sth)	sup
superimpose sth (on/onto sth)	superimpose	on	onto
superintend sth	superintend
superior (to sb)	superior	to
superior (to sb/sth)	superior	to
superiority (in sth)	superiority	in
superiority (to/over sth/sb)	superiority	to	over
superpose sth	superpose
supersede sth/sb	supersede
supersize (sb/sth)	supersize
supervise (sb/sth)	supervise
supervise sb doing sth	supervise	doing
supplant sb/sth	supplant
supplement (to sth)	supplement	to
supplement sth	supplement
supplement sth with sth	supplement	with
supplement to sth	supplement	to
supply sb/sth	supply
supply sb/sth with sth	supply	with
supply sth to sb/sth	supply	to
support (for sth)	support	for
support sb	support
support sb/sth	support
support sb/sth in sth	support	in
support sb/sth/yourself	support	yourself
support sth	support
suppose (that)…	suppose	that
suppose sb/sth (to be/have) sth	suppose	to	be	have
suppose sb/sth + adj.	suppose	adj
suppose sb/sth + adj./noun	suppose	adj	noun
suppose sb/sth + noun	suppose	noun
suppose sb/sth to be/have sth	suppose	to	be	have
suppose sth	suppose
supposing (that)	supposing	that
supposition (that…)	supposition	that
suppress sth	suppress
supremacy over sb/sth	supremacy	over
surcharge (on sth)	surcharge	on
surcharge sb (sth)	surcharge
sure (that)…	sure	that
sure about sth	sure	about
sure how, whether, etc…	sure	how	whether
sure of doing sth	sure	of	doing
sure of sth	sure	of
sure to do sth	sure	to	do
surf (sth)	surf
surface sth	surface
surfeit (of sth)	surfeit	of
surge (in sth)	surge	in
surge (of sth)	surge	of
surge adv./prep.	surge	adv	prep
surmise (sth)	surmise
surmise (that)…	surmise	that
surmise what, where, etc…	surmise	what	where
surmount sth	surmount
surpass (sb/sth/yourself)	surpass	yourself
surplus to sth	surplus	to
surprise (at sth)	surprise	at
surprise sb	surprise
surprise sb how, what, etc…	surprise	how	what
surprised (at/by sb/sth)	surprised	at	by
surprised (that…)	surprised	that
surrender (to sb)	surrender	to
surrender (to sb/sth)	surrender	to
surrender of sth (to sb)	surrender	of	to
surrender sth/sb	surrender
surrender sth/sb to sb	surrender	to
surrender to sth	surrender	to
surrender yourself (to sb)	surrender	yourself	to
surrender yourself to sth	surrender	yourself	to
surround sb/sth	surround
surround sb/sth with sb/sth	surround	with
surround sth/sb	surround
surround sth/sb with sth	surround	with
surround yourself with sb/sth	surround	yourself	with
survey sb/sth	survey
survey sth	survey
survival (from sth)	survival	from
survive as sth	survive	as
survive from sth	survive	from
survive on sth	survive	on
survive sb/sth	survive
survive sth	survive
survive sth + adj.	survive	adj
susceptibility (to sth)	susceptibility	to
susceptible (of sth)	susceptible	of
susceptible (to sb/sth)	susceptible	to
suspect (sth)	suspect
suspect (that)…	suspect	that
suspect sb/sth	suspect
suspect sb/sth of doing sth	suspect	of	doing
suspect sb/sth of sth	suspect	of
suspect sb/sth to be/have sth	suspect	to	be	have
suspect sth	suspect
suspend sb (from sth)	suspend	from
suspend sth	suspend
suspend sth/sb (from sth) (by/on sth)	suspend	from	by	on
suspicion (that…)	suspicion	that
suspicion of sth	suspicion	of
suspicious (of sb/sth)	suspicious	of
suspicious (of/about sb/sth)	suspicious	of	about
suss (sb/sth) (out)	suss	out
suss how, what, etc…	suss	how	what
suss that…	suss	that
sustain sb/sth	sustain
sustain sth	sustain
sustenance (of sth)	sustenance	of
suture sth	suture
swab sth	swab
swab sth (down)	swab	down
swaddle sb/sth	swaddle
swagger adv./prep.	swagger	adv	prep
swallow (sth)	swallow
swallow sb/sth	swallow
swallow sb/sth (up)	swallow	up
swallow sb/sth up	swallow	up
swallow sth	swallow
swallow sth + adj.	swallow	adj
swamp sb/sth	swamp
swamp sb/sth with sth	swamp	with
swamp sth	swamp
swan adv./prep.	swan	adv	prep
swap (over)	swap	over
swap (sth) (with sb)	swap	with
swap sb sth for sth	swap	for
swap sb/sth (for sb/sth)	swap	for
swap sb/sth (over)	swap	over
swap sth	swap
swap sth for sth	swap	for
swarm (of sth)	swarm	of
swarm adv./prep.	swarm	adv	prep
swarm with sb/sth	swarm	with
swat sth	swat
swathe sb/sth (in sth)	swathe	in
sway adv./prep.	sway	adv	prep
sway sb	sway
sway sth (+ adv./prep.)	sway	adv	prep
swear (on sth)	swear	on
swear (that)…	swear	that
swear at sb/sth	swear	at
swear by sb/sth	swear	by
swear off sth	swear	off
swear sb into sth	swear	into
swear sb↔in	swear	sb↔in
swear sth	swear
swear that…	swear	that
swear to do sth	swear	to	do
swear to sb/on sth (that)…	swear	to	on	that
swear to sth	swear	to
sweat (over sth)	sweat	over
sweat (sth)	sweat
sweat sth	sweat
sweat sth↔off	sweat↔off
sweep (sb) to power	sweep	to	power
sweep (sth)	sweep
sweep adv./prep.	sweep	adv	prep
sweep sb along/away	sweep	along	away
sweep sb off their feet	sweep	off	their	feet
sweep sb/sth + adv./prep.	sweep	adv	prep
sweep sb↔up	sweep	sb↔up
sweep sth	sweep
sweep sth + adj.	sweep	adj
sweep sth + adv./prep.	sweep	adv	prep
sweep sth under the carpet	sweep	under	the	carpet
sweep sth↔aside	sweep↔aside
sweep sth↔away	sweep↔away
sweep sth↔out	sweep↔out
sweet-talk sb (into sth/into doing sth)	sweettalk	into	into	doing
sweeten sb (up)	sweeten	up
sweeten sth	sweeten
swell (out)	swell	out
swell (to sth)	swell	to
swell (up)	swell	up
swell (with sth)	swell	with
swell sth (out)	swell	out
swell sth (to sth)	swell	to
swift to do sth	swift	to	do
swig sth	swig
swill adv./prep.	swill	adv	prep
swill sth (down)	swill	down
swill sth (out/down)	swill	out	down
swill sth + adv./prep.	swill	adv	prep
swim (in sth)	swim	in
swim (with sth)	swim	with
swim adv./prep.	swim	adv	prep
swim sth	swim
swindle sb (out of sth)	swindle	out	of
swindle sth (out of sb)	swindle	out	of
swing (between A and B)	swing	between	A	and	B
swing (from A) (to B)	swing	from	A	to	B
swing adv./prep.	swing	adv	prep
swing at sb/sth	swing	at
swing by sth	swing	by
swing from sth	swing	from
swing sb sth	swing
swing sb/sth (to sth)	swing	to
swing sth	swing
swing sth (at sb/sth)	swing	at
swing sth + adj.	swing	adj
swing sth + adv./prep.	swing	adv	prep
swing yourself + adv./prep.	swing	yourself	adv	prep
swipe (at sb/sth)	swipe	at
swipe (at) sb/sth	swipe	at
swipe sth	swipe
swirl adv./prep.	swirl	adv	prep
swirl sth (+ adv./prep.)	swirl	adv	prep
swish adv./prep.	swish	adv	prep
swish sth (+ adv./prep.)	swish	adv	prep
switch (from A to B)	switch	from	A	to	B
switch (in/of sth)	switch	in	of
switch (over) (from sth) (to sth)	switch	over	from	to
switch (sth) (over/around/round)	switch	over	around	round
switch (with sb)	switch	with
switch between A and B	switch	between	A	and	B
switch off/on	switch	off	on
switch sth	switch
switch sth (over) (from sth) (to sth)	switch	over	from	to
switch sth (with sb)	switch	with
switch sth over/around/round	switch	over	around	round
switch sth with sth	switch	with
switch sth↔off/on	switch↔off	on
switch sth↔over	switch↔over
switched on (to sth)	switched	on	to
swivel (sth) (+ adv./prep.)	swivel	adv	prep
swoon (over sb)	swoon	over
swoop (on sb/sth)	swoop	on
swoop (on sth/sb)	swoop	on
swoop adv./prep.	swoop	adv	prep
swoosh adv./prep.	swoosh	adv	prep
swot (for sth)	swot	for
swot sth↔up	swot↔up
swot up on sth	swot	up	on
symbol (for sth)	symbol	for
symbol (of sth)	symbol	of
symbolic (of sth)	symbolic	of
symbolize sth	symbolize
sympathetic (to/towards sb)	sympathetic	to	towards
sympathetic (to/towards sb/sth)	sympathetic	to	towards
sympathize (with sb/sth)	sympathize	with
sympathize with sb/sth	sympathize	with
symposium (on sth)	symposium	on
symptomatic of sth	symptomatic	of
symptomize sth	symptomize
synchronize (with sth)	synchronize	with
synchronize sth (with sth)	synchronize	with
syndicate sth	syndicate
synonymous (with sth)	synonymous	with
synthesis (of sth)	synthesis	of
synthesize sth	synthesize
syringe sth	syringe
system for doing sth	system	for	doing
system of sth	system	of
systematize sth	systematize
tab sb (as) sth	tab	as
tab sth	tab
table sth	table
taboo (against/on sth)	taboo	against	on
tabulate sth	tabulate
tack sth (+ adv./prep.)	tack	adv	prep
tack sth + adv./prep.	tack	adv	prep
tack sth onto sth	tack	onto
tack sth↔on	tack↔on
tackle (sb)	tackle
tackle sb	tackle
tackle sb (about sth)	tackle	about
tackle sth	tackle
tag along (behind/with sb)	tag	along	behind	with
tag sb/sth as sth	tag	as
tag sth	tag
tag sth onto sth	tag	onto
tag sth/sb	tag
tag sth↔on	tag↔on
tail (of sth)	tail	of
tail away/off	tail	away	off
tail sb	tail
tailgate (sb/sth)	tailgate
tailor sth to do sth	tailor	to	do
tailor sth to/for sb/sth	tailor	to	for
tailor-made (for sb/sth)	tailormade	for
tailor-made (to sth/to do sth)	tailormade	to	to	do
tailpiece (to sth)	tailpiece	to
taint sth (with sth)	taint	with
take (a) hold	take	a	hold
take (great) pains (to do sth)	take	great	pains	to	do
take (great) pains with/over sth	take	great	pains	with	over
take (to) the floor	take	to	the	floor
take (your) leave (of sb)	take	your	leave	of
take A (away) from B	take	A	away	from	B
take a (hard, nasty, etc.) knock	take	a	hard	nasty	etc	knock
take a chance (on sth)	take	a	chance	on
take a dim view of sb/sth	take	a	dim	view	of
take a fancy to sb/sth	take	a	fancy	to
take a firm line/stand (on/against sth)	take	a	firm	line	stand	on	against
take a heavy toll (on sb/sth)	take	a	heavy	toll	on
take a leaf from/out of sb's book	take	a	leaf	from	out	of	sbs	book
take a long (cool/hard) look at sth	take	a	long	cool	hard	look	at
take a poke at sb/sth	take	a	poke	at
take a rain check (on sth)	take	a	rain	check	on
take a shine to sb/sth	take	a	shine	to
take a/the hint	take	a	the	hint
take a/your bow	take	a	your	bow
take account of sth	take	account	of
take adv.	take	adv
take advantage of sth/sb	take	advantage	of
take after sb	take	after
take against sb/sth	take	against
take aim at sb/sth	take	aim	at
take away from sth	take	away	from
take care (that…/to do sth)	take	care	that	to	do
take care of sb/sth/yourself	take	care	of	yourself
take cognizance of sth	take	cognizance	of
take courage (from sth)	take	courage	from
take doing sth	take	doing
take exception to sth	take	exception	to
take fright (at sth)	take	fright	at
take heart (from sth)	take	heart	from
take heed (of sb/sth)	take	heed	of
take issue with sb (about/on/over sth)	take	issue	with	about	on	over
take it (that…)	take	it	that
take it for granted (that…)	take	it	for	granted	that
take it from me (that…)	take	it	from	me	that
take it into your head that…	take	it	into	your	head	that
take it into your head to do sth	take	it	into	your	head	to	do
take it on/upon yourself to do sth	take	it	on	upon	yourself	to	do
take it/a lot out of sb	take	it	a	lot	out	of
take it/sth as read	take	it	as	read
take it/sth out on sb	take	it	out	on
take it/things easy	take	it	things	easy
take it/things one day at a time	take	it	things	one	day	at	a	time
take its toll (on sb/sth)	take	its	toll	on
take liberties with sb/sth	take	liberties	with
take note (of sth)	take	note	of
take on sth	take	on
take over (from sb)	take	over	from
take over (from sth)	take	over	from
take part (in sth)	take	part	in
take sb	take
take sb (for sth)	take	for
take sb + noun	take	noun
take sb aback	take	aback
take sb as they come	take	as	they	come
take sb as you find them	take	as	you	find	them
take sb at their word	take	at	their	word
take sb back (to…)	take	back	to
take sb by surprise	take	by	surprise
take sb doing sth	take	doing
take sb for a ride	take	for	a	ride
take sb in hand	take	in	hand
take sb into your confidence	take	into	your	confidence
take sb off sth	take	off
take sb out of himself/ herself	take	out	of	himself		herself
take sb sth	take
take sb sth (to do sth)	take	to	do
take sb through sth	take	through
take sb to do sth	take	to	do
take sb to sth	take	to
take sb to task (for/over sth)	take	to	task	for	over
take sb to the cleaners	take	to	the	cleaners
take sb under your wing	take	under	your	wing
take sb up on sth	take	up	on
take sb's breath away	take	sbs	breath	away
take sb's life	take	sbs	life
take sb's name in vain	take	sbs	name	in	vain
take sb's part	take	sbs	part
take sb's/sth's place	take	sbss	place
take sb/sth	take
take sb/sth + adv./prep.	take	adv	prep
take sb/sth by surprise	take	by	surprise
take sb/sth for granted	take	for	granted
take sb/sth for sb/sth	take	for
take sb/sth seriously	take	seriously
take sb/sth to be sb/sth	take	to	be
take sb/sth to do sth	take	to	do
take sb/sth to the mat	take	to	the	mat
take sb/sth↔apart	take	sb↔apart
take sb/sth↔out	take	sb↔out
take sb↔back	take	sb↔back
take sb↔in	take	sb↔in
take sb↔off	take	sb↔off
take sb↔on	take	sb↔on
take sb↔out	take	sb↔out
take some/a lot of doing	take	some	a	lot	of	doing
take sth	take
take sth (+ adv./prep.)	take	adv	prep
take sth (as sth)	take	as
take sth (from sb)	take	from
take sth (with you)	take	with	you
take sth amiss	take	amiss
take sth as it comes	take	as	it	comes
take sth at face value	take	at	face	value
take sth for sb to do sth	take	for	to	do
take sth from sth	take	from
take sth from the top	take	from	the	top
take sth further	take	further
take sth hard	take	hard
take sth in good part	take	in	good	part
take sth in your stride	take	in	your	stride
take sth into account	take	into	account
take sth into consideration	take	into	consideration
take sth into your own hands	take	into	your	own	hands
take sth lying down	take	lying	down
take sth off sth	take	off
take sth on board	take	on	board
take sth on the chin	take	on	the	chin
take sth on trust	take	on	trust
take sth out of sth	take	out	of
take sth personally	take	personally
take sth the wrong way	take	the	wrong	way
take sth to do sth	take	to	do
take sth to extremes	take	to	extremes
take sth to heart	take	to	heart
take sth to sb/sth	take	to
take sth under advisement	take	under	advisement
take sth up with sb	take	up	with
take sth with a pinch of salt	take	with	a	pinch	of	salt
take sth/sb	take
take sth/sb + adv./prep.	take	adv	prep
take sth/sb by storm	take	by	storm
take sth/sb↔on	take	sb↔on
take sth↔apart	take↔apart
take sth↔away	take↔away
take sth↔back	take↔back
take sth↔down	take↔down
take sth↔in	take↔in
take sth↔off	take↔off
take sth↔on	take↔on
take sth↔out	take↔out
take sth↔out (against sb)	take↔out	against
take sth↔out (of sth)	take↔out	of
take sth↔over	take↔over
take sth↔over (from sb)	take↔over	from
take sth↔up	take↔up
take stock (of sth)	take	stock	of
take the bread out of sb's mouth	take	the	bread	out	of	sbs	mouth
take the edge off sth	take	the	edge	off
take the fall (for sb/sth)	take	the	fall	for
take the high road (in sth)	take	the	high	road	in
take the long view (of sth)	take	the	long	view	of
take the mickey/mick (out of sb)	take	the	mickey	mick	out	of
take the piss (out of sb/sth)	take	the	piss	out	of
take the place of sb/sth	take	the	place	of
take the rap (for sb/sth)	take	the	rap	for
take the shine off sth	take	the	shine	off
take the trouble to do sth	take	the	trouble	to	do
take the wind out of sb's sails	take	the	wind	out	of	sbs	sails
take the words right out of sb's mouth	take	the	words	right	out	of	sbs	mouth
take to sb/sth	take	to
take to sth	take	to
take trouble doing/to do sth	take	trouble	doing	to	do
take trouble over/with sth	take	trouble	over	with
take turns (in sth/to do sth)	take	turns	in	to	do
take umbrage (at sth)	take	umbrage	at
take up (the) cudgels on behalf of sb/sth	take	up	the	cudgels	on	behalf	of
take up arms (against sb)	take	up	arms	against
take up sth	take	up
take up with sb	take	up	with
take years off sb	take	years	off
take your (own) life	take	your	own	life
take your cue from sb/sth	take	your	cue	from
take your mind off sth	take	your	mind	off
take your time (over sth)	take	your	time	over
take your time to do sth/doing sth	take	your	time	to	do	doing
take yourself/sb off (to…)	take	yourself	off	to
take, claim, seize, etc. the moral high ground	take	claim	seize	etc	the	moral	high	ground
take/blow the lid off sth	take	blow	the	lid	off
take/draw sb to one side	take	draw	to	one	side
take/plead the fifth	take	plead	the	fifth
talent (for sth/for doing sth)	talent	for	for	doing
talk (between A and B) (on/over sth)	talk	between	A	and	B	on	over
talk (of sth/of doing sth)	talk	of	of	doing
talk (on sth)	talk	on
talk (that…)	talk	that
talk (to/with sb) (about sb/sth)	talk	to	with	about
talk (to/with sb) (about sth)	talk	to	with	about
talk (with sb) (about sth)	talk	with	about
talk about…	talk	about
talk around/round sth	talk	around	round
talk at sb	talk	at
talk back (to sb)	talk	back	to
talk doing sth	talk	doing
talk down to sb	talk	down	to
talk in sth	talk	in
talk of sth	talk	of
talk sb into/out of sth	talk	into	out	of
talk sb round (to sth)	talk	round	to
talk sb through sth	talk	through
talk sb/sth up	talk	up
talk sb/sth↔down	talk	sb↔down
talk sth	talk
talk sth ↔through	talk	↔through
talk sth↔down	talk↔down
talk sth↔out	talk↔out
talk sth↔over (with sb)	talk↔over	with
talk tough (on sth)	talk	tough	on
talk your way out of sth/of doing sth	talk	your	way	out	of	of	doing
talk yourself + adj.	talk	yourself	adj
talk, etc. nineteen to the dozen	talk	etc	nineteen	to	the	dozen
talking of sb/sth	talking	of
tally (with sth)	tally	with
tally sth (up)	tally	up
tame sth	tame
tamp sth (down)	tamp	down
tamper with sth	tamper	with
tan (sb/sth)	tan
tan sth	tan
tangle (sth) up	tangle	up
tangle with sb/sth	tangle	with
tank (sth)	tank
tank (sth) up	tank	up
tantalize sb/sth	tantalize
tantamount to sth	tantamount	to
tap (away) (at sth)	tap	away	at
tap (sth)	tap
tap into sth	tap	into
tap sb	tap
tap sb for sth	tap	for
tap sb/sth	tap
tap sth	tap
tap sth↔in/out	tap↔in	out
tap sth↔out	tap↔out
tape sb/sth	tape
tape sth (up)	tape	up
tape sth + adv./prep.	tape	adv	prep
tape-record sth	taperecord
taper sth	taper
taper sth↔off	taper↔off
tar and feather sb	tar	and	feather
tar sth	tar
tardy (in doing sth)	tardy	in	doing
target for sb/sth	target	for
target of sth	target	of
target sb	target
target sb/sth	target
tarmac sth	tarmac
tarnish sth	tarnish
tart sth↔up	tart↔up
task sb (with sth)	task	with
taste (for sth)	taste	for
taste (in sth)	taste	in
taste like sth	taste	like
taste of sth	taste	of
taste sth	taste
tattle (on sb) (to sb)	tattle	on	to
tattoo A on B	tattoo	A	on	B
tattoo B (with A)	tattoo	B	with	A
taunt sb	taunt
tauten (sth)	tauten
tax on sth	tax	on
tax sb with sth	tax	with
tax sb/sth	tax
tax sth	tax
teach (sb to do) sth	teach	to	do
teach (sb) that…	teach	that
teach sb how, what, etc…	teach	how	what
teach sb sth	teach
teach sb to do sth	teach	to	do
teach sth	teach
teach sth to sb	teach	to
team sb/sth (with sb/sth)	team	with
team sb/sth up (with sb)	team	up	with
team up (with sb)	team	up	with
tear (sth) (+ adv./prep.)	tear	adv	prep
tear a strip off sb	tear	a	strip	off
tear adv./prep.	tear	adv	prep
tear at sth	tear	at
tear into sb/sth	tear	into
tear sb off a strip	tear	off	a	strip
tear sb/sth apart, to shreds, to bits, etc.	tear	apart	to	shreds	to	bits	etc
tear sb↔apart/up	tear	sb↔apart	up
tear sb↔up	tear	sb↔up
tear sth	tear
tear sth + adj.	tear	adj
tear sth + adv./prep.	tear	adv	prep
tear sth away (from sth)	tear	away	from
tear sth in sth	tear	in
tear sth↔apart	tear↔apart
tear sth↔down	tear↔down
tear sth↔up	tear↔up
tear your hair (out)	tear	your	hair	out
tear yourself away (from sth)	tear	yourself	away	from
tear yourself/sb + adj.	tear	yourself	adj
tear yourself/sb from sb/sth	tear	yourself	from
tear/rip sb limb from limb	tear	rip	limb	from	limb
tear/rip the heart out of sth	tear	rip	the	heart	out	of
tease (sb)	tease
tease (sb) + speech	tease	speech
tease sth	tease
tease sth (+ adv./prep.)	tease	adv	prep
tease sth↔out	tease↔out
tee sb↔off	tee	sb↔off
tee sth↔up	tee↔up
teem with sth	teem	with
teeter on the brink/edge of sth	teeter	on	the	brink	edge	of
telecast sth	telecast
telegraph (sth)	telegraph
telegraph sth	telegraph
telemeter sth (to sth)	telemeter	to
teleoperate sth (from sth)	teleoperate	from
telephone sth	telephone
teleport (sb/sth)	teleport
telescope (sth)	telescope
telescope sth (into sth)	telescope	into
televise sth	televise
telex (sth)	telex
tell (on sb)	tell	on
tell (that)…	tell	that
tell A and B apart	tell	A	and	B	apart
tell a different story/tale	tell	a	different	story	tale
tell A from B	tell	A	from	B
tell against sb	tell	against
tell how, if, etc…	tell	how	if
tell its own tale/story	tell	its	own	tale	story
tell of sth	tell	of
tell on sb	tell	on
tell sb	tell
tell sb (about sth)	tell	about
tell sb (that)…	tell	that
tell sb + speech	tell	speech
tell sb how, what, etc…	tell	how	what
tell sb how, where, etc…	tell	how	where
tell sb sth	tell
tell sb what they can do with sth	tell	what	they	can	do	with
tell sb what, when, etc…	tell	what	when
tell sb where to get off/where they can get off	tell	where	to	get	off	where	they	can	get	off
tell sb where to put/stick sth	tell	where	to	put	stick
tell sb where, what, etc…	tell	where	what
tell sb/yourself (that)…	tell	yourself	that
tell sb/yourself to do sth	tell	yourself	to	do
tell sb↔off (for sth/for doing sth)	tell	sb↔off	for	for	doing
tell sth	tell
tell sth to sb	tell	to
tell tales (about sth/on sb)	tell	tales	about	on
tell which, what, etc…	tell	which	what
telnet (to) sth	telnet	to
temper sth	temper
temper sth (with sth)	temper	with
tempt fate/providence	tempt	fate	providence
tempt sb (into sth/into doing sth)	tempt	into	into	doing
tempt sb to do sth	tempt	to	do
ten out of ten (for sth)	ten	out	of	ten	for
tenant sth	tenant
tend (to/towards sth)	tend	to	towards
tend sb/sth	tend
tend sth	tend
tend to do sth	tend	to	do
tend to sb/sth	tend	to
tendency (for sb/sth) (to do sth)	tendency	for	to	do
tendency (to/towards sth)	tendency	to	towards
tender (for sth)	tender	for
tender sth (to sb)	tender	to
tenderize sth	tenderize
tense (up)	tense	up
tense sth/yourself (up)	tense	yourself	up
tension (between A and B)	tension	between	A	and	B
tension sth	tension
term sb/sth + noun/adj.	term	noun	adj
terminate sth	terminate
terraform sth	terraform
terrified (at sth)	terrified	at
terrified (of doing sth)	terrified	of	doing
terrified (of sb/sth)	terrified	of
terrified (that…)	terrified	that
terrify sb	terrify
terrorize sb	terrorize
terrorize sb into doing sth	terrorize	into	doing
test (on sth)	test	on
test (sth)	test
test adj. (for sth)	test	adj	for
test for sth	test	for
test sb (on sth)	test	on
test sb/sth	test
test sb/sth for sth	test	for
test sth	test
test sth for sth	test	for
test sth on sb/sth	test	on
test sth out	test	out
test-drive sth	testdrive
testament (to sth)	testament	to
testify (against/for sb)	testify	against	for
testify (that)…	testify	that
testify about sth	testify	about
testify to sth	testify	to
testify to sth/to doing sth	testify	to	to	doing
testimony (to sth)	testimony	to
tether sth (to sth)	tether	to
text (sb)	text
text sb sth	text
text-message (sb) (sth)	textmessage
thank God/goodness/heaven(s) (for sth)	thank	God	goodness	heavens	for
thank sb	thank
thank sb for doing sth	thank	for	doing
thank sb for sth	thank	for
thank you (for doing sth)	thank	you	for	doing
thank you (for sth)	thank	you	for
thank you (to sb) (for sth)	thank	you	to	for
thankful (for sth)	thankful	for
thankful (that…)	thankful	that
thankful (to do sth)	thankful	to	do
thanks (for doing sth)	thanks	for	doing
thanks (for sth)	thanks	for
thanks (to sb) (for sth)	thanks	to	for
thanks to sb/sth	thanks	to
that is (to say)	that	is	to	say
that's (much) better	thats	much	better
that's her/his/their/your problem	thats	her	his	their	your	problem
thatch sth	thatch
thaw (in sth)	thaw	in
thaw (out)	thaw	out
thaw (sth) (out)	thaw	out
the (dim and) distant past	the	dim	and	distant	past
the (real) power behind the throne	the	real	power	behind	the	throne
the (same) old story	the	same	old	story
the (whole) world over	the	whole	world	over
the (whole)… bit	the	whole	bit
the (whole)… thing	the	whole	thing
the advent of sth/sb	the	advent	of
the apple doesn't fall/never falls far from the tree	the	apple	doesnt	fall	never	falls	far	from	the	tree
the apple of sb's eye	the	apple	of	sbs	eye
the armpit of sth	the	armpit	of
the ball is in your/sb's court	the	ball	is	in	your	sbs	court
the bane of sb/sth	the	bane	of
the bare bones (of sth)	the	bare	bones	of
the be-all and end-all (of sth)	the	beall	and	endall	of
the best of both/all possible worlds	the	best	of	both	all	possible	worlds
the best of luck (with sth)	the	best	of	luck	with
the best of three, five, etc.	the	best	of	three	five	etc
the best/better part of sth	the	best	better	part	of
the best/pick of the bunch	the	best	pick	of	the	bunch
the betting is that…	the	betting	is	that
the big three, four, etc.	the	big	three	four	etc
the bigger, smaller, faster, slower, etc. the better	the	bigger	smaller	faster	slower	etc	the	better
the bleeding edge (of sth)	the	bleeding	edge	of
the body of sth	the	body	of
the bosom of sth	the	bosom	of
the bottom (of sth)	the	bottom	of
the bottom drops/falls out (of sth)	the	bottom	drops	falls	out	of
the breath of life to/for sb	the	breath	of	life	to	for
the brink (of sth)	the	brink	of
the bulk (of sth)	the	bulk	of
the burden (of sth)	the	burden	of
the Cadillac of sth	the	Cadillac	of
the cards/odds are stacked against you	the	cards	odds	are	stacked	against	you
the cards/odds are stacked in your favour	the	cards	odds	are	stacked	in	your	favour
the carrot and (the) stick (approach)	the	carrot	and	the	stick	approach
the chance, etc. of a lifetime	the	chance	etc	of	a	lifetime
the chances are (that)…	the	chances	are	that
the clocks go forward/back	the	clocks	go	forward	back
the coming of sth	the	coming	of
the common, general, ordinary, usual run (of sth)	the	common	general	ordinary	usual	run	of
the company sb keeps	the	company	keeps
the cream of sth	the	cream	of
the crest of a/the wave	the	crest	of	a	the	wave
the crux (of sth)	the	crux	of
the cut and thrust (of sth)	the	cut	and	thrust	of
the cutting edge (of sth)	the	cutting	edge	of
the damnedest…	the	damnedest
the darling of sb/sth	the	darling	of
the day, week, month, etc. before last	the	day	week	month	etc	before	last
the dead hand of sth	the	dead	hand	of
the devil/hell to pay	the	devil	hell	to	pay
the dizzy heights (of sth)	the	dizzy	heights	of
the dope (on sb/sth)	the	dope	on
the ebb and flow (of sth/sb)	the	ebb	and	flow	of
the enormity of sth	the	enormity	of
the entirety of sth	the	entirety	of
the epitome of sth	the	epitome	of
the evil hour/day/moment	the	evil	hour	day	moment
the fabric (of sth)	the	fabric	of
the fact (of the matter) is (that)…	the	fact	of	the	matter	is	that
the fag end of sth	the	fag	end	of
the flat of sth	the	flat	of
the flower of sth	the	flower	of
the foot of sth	the	foot	of
the freedom of sth	the	freedom	of
the fruit/fruits of sth	the	fruit	fruits	of
the going rate (for sth)	the	going	rate	for
the good/bad old days	the	good	bad	old	days
the grass is (always) greener on the other side (of the fence)	the	grass	is	always	greener	on	the	other	side	of	the	fence
the great …in the sky	the	great	in	the	sky
the hair of the dog (that bit you)	the	hair	of	the	dog	that	bit	you
the happy/golden mean	the	happy	golden	mean
the head of sth	the	head	of
the heartbeat of sth	the	heartbeat	of
the heavy mob/brigade	the	heavy	mob	brigade
the home of sth	the	home	of
the horror of sth	the	horror	of
the human face of…	the	human	face	of
the import (of sth)	the	import	of
the ins and outs (of sth)	the	ins	and	outs	of
the intricacy of sth	the	intricacy	of
the jaws of a tunnel, etc.	the	jaws	of	a	tunnel	etc
the jaws of death, defeat, etc.	the	jaws	of	death	defeat	etc
the joke's on sb	the	jokes	on
the jury is (still) out on sth	the	jury	is	still	out	on
the knives are out (for sb)	the	knives	are	out	for
the last minute/moment	the	last	minute	moment
the last word (in sth)	the	last	word	in
the last/final straw	the	last	final	straw
the last/final word (on sth)	the	last	final	word	on
the length and breadth of…	the	length	and	breadth	of
the less/least said the better	the	less	least	said	the	better
the life and soul of the party, etc.	the	life	and	soul	of	the	party	etc
the light of sb's life	the	light	of	sbs	life
the lion's share (of sth)	the	lions	share	of
the long and (the) short of it	the	long	and	the	short	of	it
the long arm of sth	the	long	arm	of
the man (and/or woman) in the street	the	man	and	or	woman	in	the	street
the man/woman in your life	the	man	woman	in	your	life
the mantle of sb/sth	the	mantle	of
the march of sth	the	march	of
the minute (that)…	the	minute	that
the moment (that)…	the	moment	that
the more, less, etc…, the more, less, etc…	the	more	less	the	more	less
the mother of (all) sth	the	mother	of	all
the next man, woman, person, etc.	the	next	man	woman	person	etc
the nub (of sth)	the	nub	of
the nuts and bolts (of sth)	the	nuts	and	bolts	of
the odd man/one out	the	odd	man	one	out
the one about sth	the	one	about
the only thing is…	the	only	thing	is
the other day/morning/evening/week	the	other	day	morning	evening	week
the passing of sth	the	passing	of
the pick of sth	the	pick	of
the pit of your/the stomach	the	pit	of	your	the	stomach
the poor man's sb/sth	the	poor	mans
the pride of sth	the	pride	of
the printed word/page	the	printed	word	page
the proof of the pudding (is in the eating)	the	proof	of	the	pudding	is	in	the	eating
the pull (of sth)	the	pull	of
the purport of sth	the	purport	of
the quintessence of sth	the	quintessence	of
the ravages of sth	the	ravages	of
the rest (of sth)	the	rest	of
the Rolls-Royce of sth	the	RollsRoyce	of
the rudiments (of sth)	the	rudiments	of
the run of sth	the	run	of
the same (as…)	the	same	as
the sharp end (of sth)	the	sharp	end	of
the shirt off sb's back	the	shirt	off	sbs	back
the skinny (on sb/sth)	the	skinny	on
the small/early hours	the	small	early	hours
the soft/easy option	the	soft	easy	option
the soul of sth	the	soul	of
the sound of sth	the	sound	of
the spirit is willing (but the flesh is weak)	the	spirit	is	willing	but	the	flesh	is	weak
the story goes (that)…	the	story	goes	that
the sum of sth	the	sum	of
the tail (is) wagging the dog	the	tail	is	wagging	the	dog
the talk of sth	the	talk	of
the tenor of sth	the	tenor	of
the thing (about/with sth/sb) is	the	thing	about	with	is
the toast of…	the	toast	of
the top (of sth)	the	top	of
the top of sth	the	top	of
the tramp of sb/sth	the	tramp	of
the turn of the century/year	the	turn	of	the	century	year
the twilight (of sth)	the	twilight	of
the ultimate in sth	the	ultimate	in
the uncrowned king/queen (of sth)	the	uncrowned	king	queen	of
the way to sb's heart	the	way	to	sbs	heart
the weak link (in the chain)	the	weak	link	in	the	chain
the whole (kit and) caboodle	the	whole	kit	and	caboodle
the whole of sth	the	whole	of
the whys and (the) wherefores	the	whys	and	the	wherefores
the work of a moment, second, etc.	the	work	of	a	moment	second	etc
the worst of all (possible) worlds	the	worst	of	all	possible	worlds
the… of this world	the	of	this	world
the/a curate's egg	the	a	curates	egg
the/a prodigal (son)	the	a	prodigal	son
the/a slippery slope	the	a	slippery	slope
the/sb's scheme of things	the	sbs	scheme	of	things
the/your best bet	the	your	best	bet
theft (of sth)	theft	of
theorize (about/on sth)	theorize	about	on
theorize sth	theorize
theorize that…	theorize	that
theory (that…)	theory	that
there but for the grace of God (go I)	there	but	for	the	grace	of	God	go	I
there is more to sb/sth than meets the eye	there	is	more	to	than	meets	the	eye
there is no harm in (sb's) doing sth	there	is	no	harm	in	sbs	doing
there is no holding sb	there	is	no	holding
there is nothing/not much/little to choose between A and B	there	is	nothing	not	much	little	to	choose	between	A	and	B
there is/are + noun	there	is	are	noun
there is/was no question of (sth happening/sb doing sth)	there	is	was	no	question	of	happening	doing
there is/was nothing (else) for it (but to do sth)	there	is	was	nothing	else	for	it	but	to	do
there is/was nothing in sth	there	is	was	nothing	in
there to do sth	there	to	do
there's (a) method in sb's madness	theres	a	method	in	sbs	madness
there's a good boy, girl, dog, etc.	theres	a	good	boy	girl	dog	etc
there's little/no love lost between A and B	theres	little	no	love	lost	between	A	and	B
there's lovely, nice, etc.	theres	lovely	nice	etc
there's no doing sth	theres	no	doing
there's no getting away from sth	theres	no	getting	away	from
there's no law against sth	theres	no	law	against
there's no rhyme or reason to/for sth	theres	no	rhyme	or	reason	to	for
there's nothing like sth	theres	nothing	like
there's something, not much, etc. to be said for sth/doing sth	theres	something	not	much	etc	to	be	said	for	doing
there's sth for you	theres	for	you
there's/that's… for you	theres	thats	for	you
therein lies…	therein	lies
thesis (on sth)	thesis	on
thick (with sb)	thick	with
thick (with sth)	thick	with
thick with sb/sth	thick	with
thick with sth	thick	with
thick/thin on the ground	thick	thin	on	the	ground
thicken sth	thicken
thickness (of sth)	thickness	of
thin sth (down) (with sth)	thin	down	with
thin sth (out)	thin	out
think (about sth)	think	about
think (sth)	think
think (that…)	think	that
think (that)…	think	that
think (the) better of sb	think	the	better	of
think about/of sb/sth	think	about	of
think ahead (to sth)	think	ahead	to
think aloud/out loud	think	aloud	out	loud
think back (to sth)	think	back	to
think better of it/of doing sth	think	better	of	it	of	doing
think doing sth	think	doing
think nothing of sth/of doing sth	think	nothing	of	of	doing
think of sb/sth as sb/sth	think	of	as
think of sth	think	of
think of sth/sb	think	of
think sb/sth + adj.	think	adj
think sth	think
think sth (about sth)	think	about
think sth↔out	think↔out
think sth↔over	think↔over
think sth↔through	think↔through
think sth↔up	think↔up
think the world, highly, a lot, not much, poorly, little, etc. of sb/sth	think	the	world	highly	a	lot	not	much	poorly	little	etc	of
think to do sth	think	to	do
think twice about sth/about doing sth	think	twice	about	about	doing
think what, how, etc…	think	what	how
think where, how, etc…	think	where	how
think where, what, etc…	think	where	what
third (in sth)	third	in
thirst (for sth)	thirst	for
thirst for sth	thirst	for
thirsty for sth	thirsty	for
this side of…	this	side	of
this sth of sb's	this	of	sbs
thought (for sb/sth)	thought	for
thought (of doing sth)	thought	of	doing
thought (of sth)	thought	of
thought (that…)	thought	that
thought of (sb/sth) doing sth	thought	of	doing
thought of sth	thought	of
thrash (about/around)	thrash	about	around
thrash sb/sth	thrash
thrash sth (about/around)	thrash	about	around
thrash sth↔out	thrash↔out
thread (of sth)	thread	of
thread adv./prep.	thread	adv	prep
thread sth	thread
thread sth (+ adv./prep.)	thread	adv	prep
thread sth (onto sth)	thread	onto
thread sth (with sth)	thread	with
threat (to do sth)	threat	to	do
threat (to sth)	threat	to
threaten sb	threaten
threaten sb with sth	threaten	with
threaten sth	threaten
threaten that…	threaten	that
threaten to do sth	threaten	to	do
three quarters (of sth)	three	quarters	of
thresh (sth)	thresh
thresh sth	thresh
thrill (of doing sth)	thrill	of	doing
thrill (to do sth)	thrill	to	do
thrill sb	thrill
thrill to sth	thrill	to
thrilled (about/at/with sth)	thrilled	about	at	with
thrilled (that…)	thrilled	that
thrilled (to do sth)	thrilled	to	do
thrive on sth	thrive	on
throb (with sth)	throb	with
throb with sth	throb	with
throng adv./prep.	throng	adv	prep
throng sth	throng
throng to do sth	throng	to	do
throng with sb/sth	throng	with
throttle (sth) back/down/up	throttle	back	down	up
throttle sb	throttle
through (with sth/sb)	through	with
through sb's good offices	through	sbs	good	offices
throw (sth)	throw
throw a monkey wrench in/into sth	throw	a	monkey	wrench	in	into
throw a wrench in/into sth	throw	a	wrench	in	into
throw in your lot with sb	throw	in	your	lot	with
throw money at sth	throw	money	at
throw sb	throw
throw sb a bone	throw	a	bone
throw sb back on sth	throw	back	on
throw sb over	throw	over
throw sb sth	throw
throw sb to the wolves	throw	to	the	wolves
throw sb/sth + adv./prep.	throw	adv	prep
throw sb/sth overboard	throw	overboard
throw sb↔out (of…)	throw	sb↔out	of
throw sb↔together	throw	sb↔together
throw sth	throw
throw sth (+ adv./prep.)	throw	adv	prep
throw sth + adj.	throw	adj
throw sth + adv./prep.	throw	adv	prep
throw sth back at sb	throw	back	at
throw sth on/at sb/sth	throw	on	at
throw sth to sb	throw	to
throw sth/sb↔off	throw	sb↔off
throw sth/yourself + adv./prep.	throw	yourself	adv	prep
throw sth↔aside	throw↔aside
throw sth↔away	throw↔away
throw sth↔in	throw↔in
throw sth↔on	throw↔on
throw sth↔open (to sb)	throw↔open	to
throw sth↔out	throw↔out
throw sth↔together	throw↔together
throw sth↔up	throw↔up
throw the book at sb	throw	the	book	at
throw your money about/around	throw	your	money	about	around
throw your weight about/around	throw	your	weight	about	around
throw yourself at sth/sb	throw	yourself	at
throw yourself on sb's mercy	throw	yourself	on	sbs	mercy
throw yourself/sth into sth	throw	yourself	into
throw/cast caution to the wind(s)	throw	cast	caution	to	the	winds
throw/put your weight behind sth	throw	put	your	weight	behind
throwback (to sth)	throwback	to
thrust (at sb) (with sth)	thrust	at	with
thrust (sth at sb)	thrust	at
thrust adv./prep.	thrust	adv	prep
thrust sth/sb on/upon sb	thrust	on	upon
thrust sth/sb/yourself + adv./prep.	thrust	yourself	adv	prep
thrust sth↔aside	thrust↔aside
thud (sth) + adv./prep.	thud	adv	prep
thumb adv./prep.	thumb	adv	prep
thumb sth (+ adv./prep.)	thumb	adv	prep
thumb through sth	thumb	through
thumb your nose at sb/sth	thumb	your	nose	at
thumbs up/down	thumbs	up	down
thump (sb/sth) (+ adv./prep.)	thump	adv	prep
thump adv./prep.	thump	adv	prep
thump sth + adv./prep.	thump	adv	prep
thunder (sth)	thunder
thunder adv./prep.	thunder	adv	prep
thunder sth + adv./prep.	thunder	adv	prep
thwack sb/sth	thwack
thwart sb (in sth)	thwart	in
thwart sth	thwart
tick all the/sb's boxes	tick	all	the	sbs	boxes
tick away/by/past	tick	away	by	past
tick sb/sth off	tick	off
tick sb↔off	tick	sb↔off
tick sth	tick
tick sth↔away	tick↔away
ticket (for/to sth)	ticket	for	to
ticket sb	ticket
ticket sth/sb	ticket
tickle (sb/sth)	tickle
tickle (sth)	tickle
tickle sb to do sth	tickle	to	do
tickle sb's fancy	tickle	sbs	fancy
tickle sb/sth	tickle
tidal wave (of sth)	tidal	wave	of
tide of sth	tide	of
tide sb over (sth)	tide	over
tidy sth (up)	tidy	up
tidy sth↔away	tidy↔away
tidy sth↔up	tidy↔up
tie (with sb)	tie	with
tie adv./prep.	tie	adv	prep
tie for sth	tie	for
tie in (with sth)	tie	in	with
tie sb	tie
tie sb down (to sth/to doing sth)	tie	down	to	to	doing
tie sb to doing sth	tie	to	doing
tie sb to sth	tie	to
tie sb/sth (to sth/sb)	tie	to
tie sb/yourself (up) in knots	tie	yourself	up	in	knots
tie sb↔up	tie	sb↔up
tie sth	tie
tie sth (+ adv./prep.)	tie	adv	prep
tie sth + adv./prep.	tie	adv	prep
tie sth↔in (with sth)	tie↔in	with
tie sth↔off	tie↔off
tie sth↔up	tie↔up
tie-dye sth	tiedye
tie-up (between A and B)	tieup	between	A	and	B
tie-up (with sb/sth)	tieup	with
tighten (up)	tighten	up
tighten sth	tighten
tighten sth (up)	tighten	up
tighten up (on sth)	tighten	up	on
tile sth	tile
till sth	till
till/until kingdom come	till	until	kingdom	come
tilt (sth/sb) (in favour of/away from sth/sb)	tilt	in	favour	of	away	from
tilt adv./prep.	tilt	adv	prep
tilt at sb/sth	tilt	at
tilt at sth	tilt	at
tilt sth (+ adv./prep.)	tilt	adv	prep
time (alone) will tell	time	alone	will	tell
time (for sth)	time	for
time (that)…	time	that
time (to do sth)	time	to	do
time and (time) again	time	and	time	again
time how long…	time	how	long
time sth	time
time sth (at sth)	time	at
time sth (for sth)	time	for
time sth out	time	out
time sth to do sth	time	to	do
time was (when)…	time	was	when
timetable sth (for sth)	timetable	for
tin (of sth)	tin	of
tinge sth (with sth)	tinge	with
tingle with sth	tingle	with
tinker (with sth)	tinker	with
tinkle (sth)	tinkle
tint sth	tint
tint sth (with sth)	tint	with
tip (on/for doing sth)	tip	on	for	doing
tip (on/for sth)	tip	on	for
tip (sth)	tip
tip adv./prep.	tip	adv	prep
tip sb	tip
tip sb sth	tip
tip sb the wink	tip	the	wink
tip sb/sth (for sth)	tip	for
tip sb/sth as sth	tip	as
tip sb/sth to do sth	tip	to	do
tip sb↔off (about sth)	tip	sb↔off	about
tip sth (+ adv./prep.)	tip	adv	prep
tip sth (with sth)	tip	with
tip sth + adv./prep.	tip	adv	prep
tip sth/sb + adv./prep.	tip	adv	prep
tip sth↔up/over	tip↔up	over
tip that…	tip	that
tip the balance/scales	tip	the	balance	scales
tip the scales at sth	tip	the	scales	at
tip the wink to sb	tip	the	wink	to
tip up/over	tip	up	over
tippex sth (out)	tippex	out
tipple (sth)	tipple
tiptoe adv./prep.	tiptoe	adv	prep
tirade (against sb/sth)	tirade	against
tire (sb)	tire
tire of sth/sb	tire	of
tire sb/yourself out	tire	yourself	out
tired of doing sth	tired	of	doing
tired of sb/sth	tired	of
titillate sth	titillate
titivate sth	titivate
title (to sth/to do sth)	title	to	to	do
title sth + noun	title	noun
titrate sth	titrate
to (good/best) advantage	to	good	best	advantage
to a T/tee	to	a	T	tee
to be (more) precise	to	be	more	precise
to cap/top it all	to	cap	top	it	all
to change, alter, etc. beyond/out of (all) recognition	to	change	alter	etc	beyond	out	of	all	recognition
to fall into/avoid the trap of doing sth	to	fall	into	avoid	the	trap	of	doing
to give sb a rocket	to	give	a	rocket
to go, retreat, etc. into your shell	to	go	retreat	etc	into	your	shell
to God/goodness/Heaven	to	God	goodness	Heaven
to good, great, dramatic, etc. effect	to	good	great	dramatic	etc	effect
to hell with sb/sth	to	hell	with
to keep a tight rein on sb/sth	to	keep	a	tight	rein	on
to keep, etc. one jump ahead (of sb)	to	keep	etc	one	jump	ahead	of
to little/no avail	to	little	no	avail
to little/no purpose	to	little	no	purpose
to look at sb/sth	to	look	at
to put/place sb on a pedestal	to	put	place	on	a	pedestal
to say nothing of sth	to	say	nothing	of
to sb's credit	to	sbs	credit
to sb's door	to	sbs	door
to sb's face	to	sbs	face
to sb's liking	to	sbs	liking
to sb's satisfaction	to	sbs	satisfaction
to sb/sth's detriment	to	sbs	detriment
to tell (you) the truth	to	tell	you	the	truth
to the accompaniment of sth	to	the	accompaniment	of
to the best of your knowledge/belief	to	the	best	of	your	knowledge	belief
to the detriment of sb/sth	to	the	detriment	of
to the effect that…	to	the	effect	that
to the memory of sb	to	the	memory	of
to the nearest…	to	the	nearest
to the point of (doing) sth	to	the	point	of	doing
to the sth (of sth)	to	the	of
to the tune of sth	to	the	tune	of
to think (that…)	to	think	that
to this/that effect	to	this	that	effect
to top/cap it all	to	top	cap	it	all
to… extent	to	extent
to/till the last	to	till	the	last
to/until the bitter end	to	until	the	bitter	end
toady (to sb)	toady	to
toast (sth)	toast
toast (to sb/sth)	toast	to
toast sb/sth	toast
toast sth	toast
today, tomorrow, Monday, etc. week	today	tomorrow	Monday	etc	week
toddle adv./prep.	toddle	adv	prep
toggle (between A and B)	toggle	between	A	and	B
toggle sth	toggle
toil adv./prep.	toil	adv	prep
toilet-train sb	toilettrain
tolerance (of/for sb/sth)	tolerance	of	for
tolerance (to sth)	tolerance	to
tolerant (of sth)	tolerant	of
tolerant (of/towards sb/sth)	tolerant	of	towards
tolerate (sb/sth) doing/being/having sth	tolerate	doing	being	having
tolerate sb/sth	tolerate
tolerate sth	tolerate
toll (for sb)	toll	for
toll sth	toll
tone (in) (with sth)	tone	in	with
tone sth (up)	tone	up
tone sth↔down	tone↔down
tongue (of sth)	tongue	of
tongue sth	tongue
tonify sth	tonify
too clever, etc. by half	too	clever	etc	by	half
too funny, silly, ridiculous, etc. for words	too	funny	silly	ridiculous	etc	for	words
tool adv./prep.	tool	adv	prep
tool sb/sth↔up	tool	sb↔up
toot sth	toot
tootle (sth)	tootle
tootle adv./prep.	tootle	adv	prep
top and tail sth	top	and	tail
top out (at sth)	top	out	at
top sb up	top	up
top sth	top
top sth (with sth)	top	with
top sth↔off (with sth)	top↔off	with
top sth↔up	top↔up
topple adv./prep.	topple	adv	prep
topple sb/sth	topple
topple sb/sth + adv./prep.	topple	adv	prep
torch sth	torch
torment sb	torment
torment sb/sth	torment
torpedo sth	torpedo
torture sb	torture
torture sb into doing sth	torture	into	doing
toss (sb) for sth	toss	for
toss sb sth	toss
toss sb/sth	toss
toss sb/yourself off	toss	yourself	off
toss sth	toss
toss sth + adv./prep.	toss	adv	prep
toss sth to sb	toss	to
toss sth↔off	toss↔off
toss up (for sth)	toss	up	for
toss up between A and B	toss	up	between	A	and	B
tot sth↔up	tot↔up
total sth	total
total sth/sb (up)	total	up
tote sth	tote
totter adv./prep.	totter	adv	prep
touch base (with sb)	touch	base	with
touch of sth	touch	of
touch on/upon sth	touch	on	upon
touch sb	touch
touch sb for sth	touch	for
touch sb/sth	touch
touch sb/sth (to do sth)	touch	to	do
touch sb↔up	touch	sb↔up
touch sth	touch
touch sth/sb	touch
touch sth↔off	touch↔off
touch sth↔up	touch↔up
touch/tug your forelock (to sb)	touch	tug	your	forelock	to
touched (by sth)	touched	by
touched (that…)	touched	that
touchstone (of/for sth)	touchstone	of	for
touchy (about sth)	touchy	about
tough (on sb)	tough	on
tough (on sb/sth)	tough	on
tough (with sb/sth)	tough	with
tough sth↔out	tough↔out
toughen (sth) (up)	toughen	up
toughen sb (up)	toughen	up
toughen sth (up)	toughen	up
tour (of/round/around sth)	tour	of	round	around
tour around sth	tour	around
tour sth	tour
tousle sth	tousle
tout (for sth)	tout	for
tout (sth)	tout
tout sb/sth (as sth)	tout	as
tout sth	tout
tow sth (away)	tow	away
towel yourself/sb/sth (down)	towel	yourself	down
tower over/above sb/sth	tower	over	above
toy with sth	toy	with
trace of sth	trace	of
trace on sb/sth	trace	on
trace sb/sth (to sth)	trace	to
trace sth	trace
trace sth (back) (to sth)	trace	back	to
trace sth (from sth) (to sth)	trace	from	to
trace sth (out)	trace	out
traceable (to sb/sth)	traceable	to
track (sb/sth)	track
track adv./prep.	track	adv	prep
track sb/sth	track
track sb/sth↔down	track	sb↔down
track sth (+ adv./prep.)	track	adv	prep
track where, how, etc…	track	where	how
trade (in sth) (with sb)	trade	in	with
trade (sb) sth	trade
trade (sth)	trade
trade as sb/sth	trade	as
trade at sth	trade	at
trade on sth	trade	on
trade sth (with sb)	trade	with
trade sth for sth	trade	for
trade sth with sb	trade	with
trade sth↔in	trade↔in
trade sth↔off (against/for sth)	trade↔off	against	for
trade-off (between sth and sth)	tradeoff	between	and
traduce sb	traduce
traffic (in sth)	traffic	in
traffic in sth	traffic	in
trail adv./prep.	trail	adv	prep
trail away/off	trail	away	off
trail by sth	trail	by
trail in sth	trail	in
trail sb/sth	trail
trail sth	trail
train (for/in sth)	train	for	in
train (sb) (as/in/for sth)	train	as	in	for
train sb/sth	train
train sb/sth (for/in sth)	train	for	in
train sb/sth to do sth	train	to	do
train sth	train
train sth (around/along/up, etc.)	train	around	along	up	etc
train sth at/on sb/sth	train	at	on
train sth to do sth	train	to	do
train to do/be sth	train	to	do	be
training (in sth/in doing sth)	training	in	in	doing
traipse adv./prep.	traipse	adv	prep
traitor (to sb/sth)	traitor	to
trammel sb/sth	trammel
tramp adv./prep.	tramp	adv	prep
tramp sth	tramp
trample (on/over) sb/sth	trample	on	over
trample on/over sth	trample	on	over
trample sb/sth	trample
trample sb/sth down	trample	down
tranquillize sb/sth	tranquillize
transact (sth) (with sb)	transact	with
transaction (between A and B)	transaction	between	A	and	B
transaction of sth	transaction	of
transcend sth	transcend
transcribe sth	transcribe
transcribe sth (for sth)	transcribe	for
transcribe sth into sth	transcribe	into
transfer (from sth) (to sth)	transfer	from	to
transfer (from…) (to…)	transfer	from	to
transfer (sth) (from…) (to…)	transfer	from	to
transfer sb (from…) (to…)	transfer	from	to
transfer sth (from sth) (to sth)	transfer	from	to
transfer sth (to sb)	transfer	to
transfer sth/sb (from…) (to…)	transfer	from	to
transfigure sb/sth	transfigure
transfix sb	transfix
transform sth/sb (from sth) (into sth)	transform	from	into
transformation (from sth) (to/into sth)	transformation	from	to	into
transfuse sth (into sb/sth)	transfuse	into
transfusion of sth	transfusion	of
transgress sth	transgress
transit (sth)	transit
transition (between A and B)	transition	between	A	and	B
transition (from sth) (to sth)	transition	from	to
translate (from sth) (into sth)	translate	from	into
translate (sth) (as sth)	translate	as
translate as sth	translate	as
translate into sth	translate	into
translate sth (as sth)	translate	as
translate sth (from sth) (into sth)	translate	from	into
translate sth (into sth)	translate	into
translation (from sth) (into sth)	translation	from	into
translation (of sth) (into sth)	translation	of	into
translation (of sth) into sth	translation	of	into
transliterate sth (into/as sth)	transliterate	into	as
transmit (sth) (from…) (to…)	transmit	from	to
transmit sth	transmit
transmit sth to sb	transmit	to
transmitter of sth	transmitter	of
transmogrify sb/sth	transmogrify
transmute (sth) (into sth)	transmute	into
transpire (sth)	transpire
transpire that…	transpire	that
transplant sb/sth (from…) (to…)	transplant	from	to
transplant sth	transplant
transplant sth (from sb/sth) (into sb/sth)	transplant	from	into
transport of sth	transport	of
transport sb (+ adv./prep.)	transport	adv	prep
transport sth (+ adv./prep.)	transport	adv	prep
transport sth/sb (+ adv./prep.)	transport	adv	prep
transpose sth	transpose
transpose sth (from sth) (to sth)	transpose	from	to
trap sb (+ adv./prep.)	trap	adv	prep
trap sb (into sth/into doing sth)	trap	into	into	doing
trap sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	trap	adv	prep
trap sth	trap
trap sth (+ adv./prep.)	trap	adv	prep
trappings (of sth)	trappings	of
trash sth	trash
trash sth/sb	trash
traumatize sb	traumatize
travel adv./prep.	travel	adv	prep
travel sth	travel
traverse sth	traverse
travesty (of sth)	travesty	of
trawl (for sth)	trawl	for
trawl (through sth) (for sth/sb)	trawl	through	for
trawl sth (for sth/sb)	trawl	for
tread (on/in/over sth/sb)	tread	on	in	over
tread (sth)	tread
tread a difficult, dangerous, solitary, etc. path	tread	a	difficult	dangerous	solitary	etc	path
tread carefully, warily, etc.	tread	carefully	warily	etc
tread on sb's heels	tread	on	sbs	heels
tread on sb's toes	tread	on	sbs	toes
tread sth (+ adv./prep.)	tread	adv	prep
tread/walk a tightrope	tread	walk	a	tightrope
treasure sth	treasure
treat sb (for sth) (with sth)	treat	for	with
treat sb like dirt	treat	like	dirt
treat sb to sth	treat	to
treat sb/sth (with sth)	treat	with
treat sb/sth as sth	treat	as
treat sb/sth like sth	treat	like
treat sb/yourself (to sth)	treat	yourself	to
treat sth (with sth)	treat	with
treat sth + adv./prep.	treat	adv	prep
treat sth as sth	treat	as
treatise (on sth)	treatise	on
treatment (for sth)	treatment	for
treatment for sth	treatment	for
treble sth	treble
trek adv./prep.	trek	adv	prep
tremble (with sth)	tremble	with
trend (in sth)	trend	in
trend (towards sth)	trend	towards
trespass (on sth)	trespass	on
trespass on sth	trespass	on
trial (sth)	trial
trial to sb	trial	to
tribute (to sb)	tribute	to
tribute to sth/sb	tribute	to
trick sb	trick
trick sb into sth/into doing sth	trick	into	into	doing
trick sb out of sth	trick	out	of
trick sb/sth↔out (in/with sth)	trick	sb↔out	in	with
trickle (of sth)	trickle	of
trickle (sth) + adv./prep.	trickle	adv	prep
trickle adv./prep.	trickle	adv	prep
trickle sth (+ adv./prep.)	trickle	adv	prep
tried and tested/trusted	tried	and	tested	trusted
trifle with sb/sth	trifle	with
trigger (for sth)	trigger	for
trigger (to sth/to do sth)	trigger	to	to	do
trigger sth	trigger
trigger sth (off)	trigger	off
trill sth	trill
trim sth	trim
trim sth (off sth)	trim	off
trim sth (off/away)	trim	off	away
trim sth (with sth)	trim	with
trim sth↔down	trim↔down
trip adv./prep.	trip	adv	prep
trip over/on sth	trip	over	on
trip over/up	trip	over	up
trip sb	trip
trip sb↔up	trip	sb↔up
trip sth	trip
triple (sth)	triple
triumph (over sb/sth)	triumph	over
triumph over sb/sth	triumph	over
trivialize sth	trivialize
troll (for sth)	troll	for
troll for sth	troll	for
troll sth for sth	troll	for
troop adv./prep.	troop	adv	prep
trot adv./prep.	trot	adv	prep
trot sth	trot
trot sth↔out	trot↔out
trouble (to sb)	trouble	to
trouble (with sb/sth)	trouble	with
trouble sb	trouble
trouble sb to do sth	trouble	to	do
trouble sb with sth	trouble	with
trouble to do sth	trouble	to	do
troubleshoot (sth)	troubleshoot
trounce sb	trounce
trouser sth	trouser
truck sth (+ adv./prep.)	truck	adv	prep
truckload (of sb/sth)	truckload	of
trudge adv./prep.	trudge	adv	prep
true (to sth)	TRUE	to
true to sb/sth	TRUE	to
trump sth (with sth)	trump	with
trump sth/sb	trump
trump sth↔up	trump↔up
trumpet sth (as sth)	trumpet	as
truncate sth	truncate
trundle (sth) + adv./prep.	trundle	adv	prep
trundle adv./prep.	trundle	adv	prep
trundle sth↔out	trundle↔out
truss sb/sth (up)	truss	up
truss sth	truss
trust (in sb/sth)	trust	in
trust (that)…	trust	that
trust in sb/sth	trust	in
trust sb	trust
trust sb to do sth	trust	to	do
trust sb with sth/sb	trust	with
trust sth	trust
trust to sth	trust	to
trust you, him, her, etc. (to do sth)	trust	you	him	her	etc	to	do
truthful (about sth)	truthful	about
try (at sth/at doing sth)	try	at	at	doing
try doing sth	try	doing
try for sth	try	for
try it on (with sb)	try	it	on	with
try out for sth	try	out	for
try sb (for sth)	try	for
try sb's patience	try	sbs	patience
try sb/sth↔out (on sb)	try	sb↔out	on
try sth	try
try sth↔on	try↔on
try to do sth	try	to	do
try your hand (at sth)	try	your	hand	at
try your luck (at sth)	try	your	luck	at
tube (of sth)	tube	of
tuck into sth	tuck	into
tuck sb in/up	tuck	in	up
tuck sth + adv./prep.	tuck	adv	prep
tuck sth↔away	tuck↔away
tuft (of sth)	tuft	of
tug (at/on sth)	tug	at	on
tug sth	tug
tug sth + adj.	tug	adj
tug sth + adv./prep.	tug	adv	prep
tuition (in sth)	tuition	in
tumble (down)	tumble	down
tumble (of sth)	tumble	of
tumble (sb/sth) + adv./prep.	tumble	adv	prep
tumble adv./prep.	tumble	adv	prep
tumble to sth/sb	tumble	to
tune in (to sth)	tune	in	to
tune in to sb/sth	tune	in	to
tune sb/sth↔out	tune	sb↔out
tune sth	tune
tune sth (in) (to sth)	tune	in	to
tune sth (to sth)	tune	to
tune sth↔up	tune↔up
tuned in (to sth)	tuned	in	to
tunnel adv./prep.	tunnel	adv	prep
turbocharge sth	turbocharge
turf sb off (sth)	turf	off
turf sb out (of sth)	turf	out	of
turf sth	turf
turn (from sth) into sth	turn	from	into
turn (into sth)	turn	into
turn (sth) (around)	turn	around
turn a blind eye (to sth)	turn	a	blind	eye	to
turn a deaf ear (to sb/sth)	turn	a	deaf	ear	to
turn adv./prep.	turn	adv	prep
turn against sb	turn	against
turn around/round	turn	around	round
turn in his/her grave	turn	in	his	her	grave
turn King's/Queen's evidence	turn	Kings	Queens	evidence
turn off sth	turn	off
turn on sb	turn	on
turn on sth	turn	on
turn over sth	turn	over
turn round/around and do sth	turn	round	around	and	do
turn sb against sb	turn	against
turn sb on (to sth)	turn	on	to
turn sb out (of/from sth)	turn	out	of	from
turn sb's head	turn	sbs	head
turn sb/sth (from sth) into sth	turn	from	into
turn sb/sth around/round	turn	around	round
turn sb/sth↔back	turn	sb↔back
turn sb/sth↔down	turn	sb↔down
turn sb/sth↔out	turn	sb↔out
turn sb↔away (from sth)	turn	sb↔away	from
turn sb↔in	turn	sb↔in
turn sb↔off	turn	sb↔off
turn sb↔on	turn	sb↔on
turn sb↔over to sb	turn	sb↔over	to
turn sth	turn
turn sth (+ adv./prep.)	turn	adv	prep
turn sth (on/to sb/sth/yourself)	turn	on	to	yourself
turn sth + adj.	turn	adj
turn sth + adv./prep.	turn	adv	prep
turn sth inside out	turn	inside	out
turn sth into sth	turn	into
turn sth to your advantage	turn	to	your	advantage
turn sth upside down	turn	upside	down
turn sth↔around/round	turn↔around	round
turn sth↔down	turn↔down
turn sth↔in	turn↔in
turn sth↔off	turn↔off
turn sth↔on	turn↔on
turn sth↔out	turn↔out
turn sth↔over	turn↔over
turn sth↔over to sb	turn↔over	to
turn sth↔over to sth	turn↔over	to
turn sth↔up	turn↔up
turn that…	turn	that
turn the tables (on sb)	turn	the	tables	on
turn to be/have sth	turn	to	be	have
turn to sb/sth	turn	to
turn to sb/sth/yourself	turn	to	yourself
turn to sth	turn	to
turn your back on sb/sth	turn	your	back	on
turn your hand to sth	turn	your	hand	to
turn your nose up at sth	turn	your	nose	up	at
turn/spin on your heel	turn	spin	on	your	heel
turn/twist the knife (in the wound)	turn	twist	the	knife	in	the	wound
turnabout (in sth)	turnabout	in
turning point (in sth)	turning	point	in
turnover (of sb)	turnover	of
turnover (of sth)	turnover	of
tussle (for/over sth)	tussle	for	over
tussle (with sb/sth)	tussle	with
tutor sb (in sth)	tutor	in
twang sth	twang
tweak sth	tweak
twiddle sth	twiddle
twiddle with sth	twiddle	with
twig (sth)	twig
twig (that)…	twig	that
twig what…	twig	what
twin sth (with sth)	twin	with
twine (sth) around/round/through/in sth	twine	around	round	through	in
twinge (of sth)	twinge	of
twinkle (at sb)	twinkle	at
twinkle (with sth)	twinkle	with
twirl (sb) (around/round)	twirl	around	round
twirl sth	twirl
twirl sth (around/about)	twirl	around	about
twist (round/around sth)	twist	round	around
twist adv./prep.	twist	adv	prep
twist sb's arm	twist	sbs	arm
twist sth	twist
twist sth (+ adv./prep.)	twist	adv	prep
twist sth (into sth)	twist	into
twist sth/yourself + adv./prep.	twist	yourself	adv	prep
twist sth↔off	twist↔off
twist/wrap/wind sb around your little finger	twist	wrap	wind	around	your	little	finger
twitch (sth)	twitch
twitter (on) (about sth)	twitter	on	about
twitter (sth)	twitter
two-time sb	twotime
two's company (, three's a crowd)	twos	company		threes	a	crowd
two/ten a penny	two	ten	a	penny
type (of sth)	type	of
type sb/sth	type
type sth (out/in/up)	type	out	in	up
typecast sb (as sth)	typecast	as
typeset sth	typeset
typical (of sb/sth)	typical	of
typical for sb/sth	typical	for
typical of sb/sth	typical	of
typify sth	typify
tyrannize over sb/sth	tyrannize	over
tyrannize sb/sth	tyrannize
ulcerate (sth)	ulcerate
umpire sth	umpire
unable to do sth	unable	to	do
unaccompanied by sth	unaccompanied	by
unaccountable (to sb/sth)	unaccountable	to
unaccustomed to sth/to doing sth	unaccustomed	to	to	doing
unacquainted (with sth/sb)	unacquainted	with
unaffected (by sth)	unaffected	by
unaffiliated (with sth)	unaffiliated	with
unafraid (of sth)	unafraid	of
unafraid (to do sth)	unafraid	to	do
unanimous (in sth)	unanimous	in
unavailable (to sb/sth)	unavailable	to
unaware of sth	unaware	of
unaware that…	unaware	that
unbalance sb	unbalance
unbalance sb/sth	unbalance
unbalance sth	unbalance
unban sth	unban
unbecoming (to/of sb)	unbecoming	to	of
unbefitting (of/for/to sb/sth)	unbefitting	of	for	to
unbeknown to sb	unbeknown	to
unbend (sth)	unbend
unblock sth	unblock
unbuckle sth	unbuckle
unburden sb/sth (of sth)	unburden	of
unburden yourself/sth (of sth) (to sb)	unburden	yourself	of	to
unbutton sth	unbutton
uncertain (about/of sth)	uncertain	about	of
uncharacteristic (of sb)	uncharacteristic	of
unclear (about sth)	unclear	about
unclear (as to sth)	unclear	as	to
uncoil sth/itself	uncoil	itself
uncommitted (to sb/sth)	uncommitted	to
unconcerned (about/by sth)	unconcerned	about	by
unconcerned (with sb/sth)	unconcerned	with
uncongenial (to sb)	uncongenial	to
uncongenial (to sth)	uncongenial	to
unconnected with/to sth	unconnected	with	to
unconscious of sb/sth	unconscious	of
unconvinced (by sth)	unconvinced	by
unconvinced (of sth)	unconvinced	of
unconvinced (that…)	unconvinced	that
uncork sth	uncork
uncouple sth (from sth)	uncouple	from
uncover sth	uncover
uncurl sth/itself	uncurl	itself
undecided (about sb/sth)	undecided	about
undecided (as to sth)	undecided	as	to
undelete (sth)	undelete
under (the) cover of sth	under	the	cover	of
under sb's nose	under	sbs	nose
under sb's thumb	under	sbs	thumb
under suspicion (of sth)	under	suspicion	of
under the (watchful) eye of sb	under	the	watchful	eye	of
under the aegis of sb/sth	under	the	aegis	of
under the auspices of sb/sth	under	the	auspices	of
under the care of sb	under	the	care	of
under the heel of sb	under	the	heel	of
under the name (of)…	under	the	name	of
underbid sb/sth	underbid
undercharge (sb) (for sth)	undercharge	for
undercook sth	undercook
undercurrent (of sth)	undercurrent	of
undercut sb/sth	undercut
underestimate sb/sth	underestimate
underestimate sth	underestimate
underestimate what, how, etc…	underestimate	what	how
underexpose sth	underexpose
undergo sth	undergo
underlie sth	underlie
underline how, what, etc…	underline	how	what
underline sth	underline
underline that…	underline	that
undermine sth	undermine
underpay sb	underpay
underpin sth	underpin
underplay sth	underplay
underrate sb/sth	underrate
undersell sb/sth/yourself	undersell	yourself
undersell sth	undersell
undershoot (sth)	undershoot
underspend (on sth)	underspend	on
underspend sth	underspend
understand (sth)	understand
understand (that…)	understand	that
understand (that)…	understand	that
understand sb	understand
understand sb doing sth	understand	doing
understand sb/sth doing sth	understand	doing
understand sb/sth to be/have sth	understand	to	be	have
understand sth	understand
understand that…	understand	that
understand what, how, etc…	understand	what	how
understand what…	understand	what
understand why, what, etc…	understand	why	what
understanding (of sth)	understanding	of
understate sth	understate
understudy (to sb)	understudy	to
understudy sb/sth	understudy
undertake sth	undertake
undertake that…	undertake	that
undertake to do sth	undertake	to	do
undertaking (that…)	undertaking	that
undertaking (to do sth)	undertaking	to	do
undertone (of sth)	undertone	of
undertow (of sth)	undertow	of
undervalue sb/sth	undervalue
underwrite sth	underwrite
undeserving (of sth)	undeserving	of
undisturbed (by sth)	undisturbed	by
undo sb/sth	undo
undo sth	undo
undock sth	undock
undress sb	undress
unearth sth	unearth
uneasy about doing sth	uneasy	about	doing
uneasy about sth	uneasy	about
uneconomical (to do sth)	uneconomical	to	do
unequal (in sth)	unequal	in
unequal to sth	unequal	to
unfair (on/to sb)	unfair	on	to
unfaithful (to sb)	unfaithful	to
unfamiliar to sb	unfamiliar	to
unfamiliar with sth	unfamiliar	with
unfasten sth	unfasten
unfavourable (for/to sth)	unfavourable	for	to
unfit (for sth)	unfit	for
unfit (to do sth)	unfit	to	do
unfit for sth	unfit	for
unfit to do sth	unfit	to	do
unfitted for sth	unfitted	for
unfitted to do sth	unfitted	to	do
unfold (sth)	unfold
unfold sth (to sb)	unfold	to
unfreeze (sth)	unfreeze
unfreeze sth	unfreeze
unfriendly (to/towards sb)	unfriendly	to	towards
unfurl sth	unfurl
unhand sb	unhand
unhappy (about/at/with sth)	unhappy	about	at	with
unhinge sb	unhinge
unhitch sth	unhitch
unhook sth (from sth)	unhook	from
unify sth	unify
unimpressed (by/with sb/sth)	unimpressed	by	with
uninstall sth	uninstall
unintelligible to sb	unintelligible	to
uninterested (in sb/sth)	uninterested	in
uninvolved (in/with sth)	uninvolved	in	with
unionize (sth)	unionize
unique (to sb/sth)	unique	to
unit (of sth)	unit	of
unite (behind/against sb/sth)	unite	behind	against
unite (sb/sth)	unite
unite (sb/sth) (with sb/sth)	unite	with
unite in doing sth	unite	in	doing
unite in sth	unite	in
united states (of america)	united	states	of	america
unkind (to sb/sth) (to do sth)	unkind	to	to	do
unknown (to sb)	unknown	to
unknown to sb	unknown	to
unlace sth	unlace
unlearn sth	unlearn
unleash sth (on/upon sb/sth)	unleash	on	upon
unlikely (that…)	unlikely	that
unlikely (to do sth)	unlikely	to	do
unload (sth)	unload
unload sth	unload
unload sth (on/onto sb/sth)	unload	on	onto
unload sth from sth	unload	from
unload sth/sb (on/onto sb)	unload	on	onto
unlock sth	unlock
unloose sth	unloose
unlucky (to do sth)	unlucky	to	do
unmask sb/sth	unmask
unmatched (by sb/sth)	unmatched	by
unmindful of sb/sth	unmindful	of
unmoved (by sth)	unmoved	by
unnerve sb	unnerve
unpack (sth)	unpack
unpack sth	unpack
unpalatable (to sb)	unpalatable	to
unpick sth	unpick
unpleasant (to sb)	unpleasant	to
unplug sth	unplug
unpopular with/among sb	unpopular	with	among
unprepared (for sth)	unprepared	for
unprepared (to do sth)	unprepared	to	do
unqualified for sth	unqualified	for
unqualified to do sth	unqualified	to	do
unravel (sth)	unravel
unrepresentative (of sb/sth)	unrepresentative	of
unresponsive (to sth)	unresponsive	to
unroll (sth)	unroll
unsaddle (sth)	unsaddle
unsaddle sb	unsaddle
unscramble sth	unscramble
unscrew (sth)	unscrew
unscrew sth	unscrew
unseat sb	unseat
unsettle sb	unsettle
unshaken (in sth)	unshaken	in
unsparing (in sth)	unsparing	in
unstinting in sth	unstinting	in
unsubscribe (from sth)	unsubscribe	from
unsubscribe sb/sth	unsubscribe
unsuitable (for sb/sth)	unsuitable	for
unsuited (to do sth)	unsuited	to	do
unsuited (to/for sth)	unsuited	to	for
unsure (of yourself)	unsure	of	yourself
unsure about/of sth	unsure	about	of
unsure how, what, etc…	unsure	how	what
unsure of/as to how, what, etc…	unsure	of	as	to	how	what
unsympathetic (to/towards sb)	unsympathetic	to	towards
unsympathetic (to/towards sth)	unsympathetic	to	towards
untainted (by sth)	untainted	by
untangle sth	untangle
untangle sth (from sth)	untangle	from
unthinkable (for sb) (to do sth)	unthinkable	for	to	do
unthinkable (that…)	unthinkable	that
untie sth	untie
untouched (by sth)	untouched	by
untrained (in sth)	untrained	in
untrammelled (by sth)	untrammelled	by
untrue (to sb/sth)	untrue	to
untypical (of sb/sth)	untypical	of
unused to doing sth	unused	to	doing
unused to sth	unused	to
unveil sth	unveil
unwilling (to do sth)	unwilling	to	do
unwind (sth) (from sth)	unwind	from
unwise (to do sth)	unwise	to	do
unworthy (of sb)	unworthy	of
unworthy (of sth)	unworthy	of
unwrap sth	unwrap
unzip (sth)	unzip
unzip sth	unzip
up against sth	up	against
up and down sth	up	and	down
up before sb/sth	up	before
up for sth	up	for
up sth	up
up the creek (without a paddle)	up	the	creek	without	a	paddle
up to a (certain) point	up	to	a	certain	point
up to speed (on sth)	up	to	speed	on
up to sth	up	to
upbraid sb (for sth/for doing sth)	upbraid	for	for	doing
upchuck (sth)	upchuck
update (on sth)	update	on
update sb (on sth)	update	on
update sth	update
upend sb/sth	upend
upfront (about sth)	upfront	about
upgrade sb ( to sth)	upgrade		to
upgrade sb (to sth)	upgrade	to
upgrade sth	upgrade
uphold sth	uphold
upholster sth (in sth)	upholster	in
upkeep (of sb/sth)	upkeep	of
upkeep (of sth)	upkeep	of
uplift sb	uplift
upload sth	upload
uprising (against sth)	uprising	against
uproot sth	uproot
uproot yourself/sb	uproot	yourself
uprush of sth	uprush	of
upset (about sth)	upset	about
upset (that…)	upset	that
upset sb/yourself	upset	yourself
upset sth	upset
upskill (sb)	upskill
upstage sb	upstage
upstream (of/from sth)	upstream	of	from
upsurge (in sth)	upsurge	in
upsurge (of sth)	upsurge	of
upswell of sth	upswell	of
upswing (in sth)	upswing	in
uptake (of sth)	uptake	of
uptight (about sth)	uptight	about
upturn (in sth)	upturn	in
upwards of sth	upwards	of
urge (sb) + speech	urge	speech
urge sb to do sth	urge	to	do
urge sb/sth + adv./prep.	urge	adv	prep
urge sb↔on	urge	sb↔on
urge sth (on/upon sb)	urge	on	upon
urge that…	urge	that
urge to do sth	urge	to	do
use (of sth)	use	of
use (sth)	use
use sb	use
use sth	use
use sth as sth	use	as
use sth for sth/for doing sth	use	for	for	doing
use sth to do sth	use	to	do
use sth↔up	use↔up
used to doing sth	used	to	doing
used to sth	used	to
useful (for sth/for doing sth)	useful	for	for	doing
useful (to do sth)	useful	to	do
useful (to sb)	useful	to
useless (at sth/at doing sth)	useless	at	at	doing
useless (doing sth)	useless	doing
useless (to do sth)	useless	to	do
usher sb + adv./prep.	usher	adv	prep
usher sth↔in	usher↔in
usual (for sb/sth) (to do sth)	usual	for	to	do
usurp sb/sth	usurp
utilize sth (as sth)	utilize	as
utter sth	utter
vacancy (for sb/sth)	vacancy	for
vacate sth	vacate
vaccinate sb (against sth)	vaccinate	against
vacuum (sth)	vacuum
vague (about sth)	vague	about
valet sth	valet
validate sth	validate
valuable (to sb/sth)	valuable	to
value sb/sth (as sth)	value	as
value sb/sth (for sth)	value	for
value sth (at sth)	value	at
vandalize sth	vandalize
vanquish sb/sth	vanquish
vaporize (sth)	vaporize
variant (of/on sth)	variant	of	on
variation (in/of sth)	variation	in	of
variation (on sth)	variation	on
variety (of sth)	variety	of
varnish sth	varnish
varnish sth + noun	varnish	noun
vary (between A and B)	vary	between	A	and	B
vary (in sth)	vary	in
vary according to sth	vary	according	to
vary from sth to sth	vary	from	to
vary sth	vary
vary with sth	vary	with
vault over sth	vault	over
vault sth	vault
veer adv./prep.	veer	adv	prep
vehicle (for sth)	vehicle	for
veil sth	veil
veil sth/yourself	veil	yourself
vein (of sth)	vein	of
vend sth	vend
vendetta (against sb)	vendetta	against
veneer (of sth)	veneer	of
veneer sth (with/in sth)	veneer	with	in
venerate sb/sth (as sth)	venerate	as
vengeance on/upon sb	vengeance	on	upon
vent sth (on sb)	vent	on
ventilate sth	ventilate
venture adv./prep.	venture	adv	prep
venture into/on sth	venture	into	on
venture sth	venture
venture sth (on sth)	venture	on
venture that…	venture	that
venture to do sth	venture	to	do
verbalize (sth)	verbalize
verdict (on sth/sb)	verdict	on
verge on sth	verge	on
verify sth	verify
verify that…	verify	that
verify whether, what, etc…	verify	whether	what
versed in sth	versed	in
versify (sth)	versify
vest in sb/sth	vest	in
vest sb with sth	vest	with
vest sth in sb	vest	in
vested interest (in sth)	vested	interest	in
vet sb	vet
vet sth	vet
veto (on sth/on doing sth)	veto	on	on	doing
veto sth	veto
vex sb	vex
vexed (at/with sb/sth)	vexed	at	with
vibrate (sth)	vibrate
vibrate with sth	vibrate	with
victimize sb	victimize
victorious in sth	victorious	in
victory (over/against sb/sth)	victory	over	against
vide sth	vide
video sth/sb	video
videotape sth	videotape
vie (to do sth)	vie	to	do
vie (with sb) (for sth)	vie	with	for
view (about/on sth)	view	about	on
view (of sth)	view	of
view (sb/sth as sth)	view	as
view sb/sth with sth	view	with
view sth	view
viewpoint (on sth)	viewpoint	on
vilify sb/sth (as sth)	vilify	as
vilify sb/sth (for sth/for doing sth)	vilify	for	for	doing
vindicate sb	vindicate
vindicate sth	vindicate
violate sb	violate
violate sth	violate
violence (against sb)	violence	against
visit (to sb/sth) (from sb)	visit	to	from
visit (with sb)	visit	with
visit sb/sth	visit
visit sth	visit
visit sth on/upon sb/sth	visit	on	upon
visit with sb	visit	with
visitation (of sth)	visitation	of
visitation (of/from sb/sth)	visitation	of	from
visitor (to…)	visitor	to
visualize doing sth	visualize	doing
visualize sb/sth/yourself (as sth)	visualize	yourself	as
visualize sb/sth/yourself doing sth	visualize	yourself	doing
visualize what, how, etc…	visualize	what	how
vital (for sth)	vital	for
vital (to sth)	vital	to
vital that…	vital	that
vital to do sth	vital	to	do
vitiate sth	vitiate
vitrify (sth)	vitrify
vocalize (sth)	vocalize
vocalize sth	vocalize
vocation (for sth)	vocation	for
vogue (for sth)	vogue	for
voice (in sth)	voice	in
voice sth	voice
void of sth	void	of
void sth	void
volley (sth)	volley
volumize sth	volumize
volunteer (for sth)	volunteer	for
volunteer (for/as sth)	volunteer	for	as
volunteer sb (for/as sth)	volunteer	for	as
volunteer sb to do sth	volunteer	to	do
volunteer sth	volunteer
volunteer sth (for/as sth)	volunteer	for	as
volunteer to do sth	volunteer	to	do
vomit sth	vomit
vomit sth up	vomit	up
votary of sb/sth	votary	of
vote (for/against sb/sth)	vote	for	against
vote (on sth)	vote	on
vote (that)…	vote	that
vote in favour of sth	vote	in	favour	of
vote sb in	vote	in
vote sb into/onto sth	vote	into	onto
vote sb out	vote	out
vote sb out of/off sth	vote	out	of	off
vote sb/sth + noun	vote	noun
vote sb/sth↔down	vote	sb↔down
vote sb/yourself sth	vote	yourself
vote sth	vote
vote sth + noun	vote	noun
vote sth↔through	vote↔through
vote to do sth	vote	to	do
vouch for sb/sth	vouch	for
vouch for sth	vouch	for
vouchsafe sb sth	vouchsafe
vouchsafe sth (to sb)	vouchsafe	to
vouchsafe that…	vouchsafe	that
vow (that)…	vow	that
vow sth	vow
vow to do sth	vow	to	do
voyage adv./prep.	voyage	adv	prep
vulgarize sth	vulgarize
vulnerability (of sb/sth) (to sth)	vulnerability	of	to
vulnerable (to sb/sth)	vulnerable	to
wad sth	wad
wad sth (up)	wad	up
waddle adv./prep.	waddle	adv	prep
wade adv./prep.	wade	adv	prep
wade into sb	wade	into
wade into sth	wade	into
wade sth	wade
wade through sth	wade	through
wafer (of sth)	wafer	of
waffle (on) (about sth)	waffle	on	about
waffle (on/over sth)	waffle	on	over
waft adv./prep.	waft	adv	prep
waft sth + adv./prep.	waft	adv	prep
wag (sth)	wag
wag sth	wag
wage sth	wage
wage sth against/on sb/sth	wage	against	on
wager (that)…	wager	that
wager on sth	wager	on
wager sth (on sth)	wager	on
wager sth/sb that…	wager	that
waggle (sth)	waggle
wail (about sth)	wail	about
wait (for sb)	wait	for
wait (for sb/sth)	wait	for
wait (for sth)	wait	for
wait a minute/moment/second	wait	a	minute	moment	second
wait about/around	wait	about	around
wait adv./prep.	wait	adv	prep
wait for sb/sth	wait	for
wait for sb/sth to do sth	wait	for	to	do
wait on sb	wait	on
wait on sb hand and foot	wait	on	hand	and	foot
wait on sth/sb	wait	on
wait sth↔out	wait↔out
wait till/until…	wait	till	until
wait to do sth	wait	to	do
wait up (for sb)	wait	up	for
wait-list sb	waitlist
waive sth	waive
wake (up)	wake	up
wake from sth	wake	from
wake sb (up)	wake	up
wake sb↔up	wake	sb↔up
wake sth	wake
wake to do sth	wake	to	do
wake to sth	wake	to
wake up to sth	wake	up	to
waken (up)	waken	up
waken sb (up)	waken	up
waken sth	waken
walk (all) over sb	walk	all	over
walk adv./prep.	walk	adv	prep
walk away (from sb/sth)	walk	away	from
walk away with sth	walk	away	with
walk in on sb/sth	walk	in	on
walk into sth	walk	into
walk into sth/sb	walk	into
walk off with sth	walk	off	with
walk out (of sth)	walk	out	of
walk out (on sb)	walk	out	on
walk out (on sth)	walk	out	on
walk sb + adv./prep.	walk	adv	prep
walk sb off their feet	walk	off	their	feet
walk sb through sth	walk	through
walk sth	walk
walk sth + adv./prep.	walk	adv	prep
walk sth↔off	walk↔off
walk up (to sb/sth)	walk	up	to
walk/tread a fine/thin line	walk	tread	a	fine	thin	line
wall sb↔up	wall	sb↔up
wall sth	wall
wall sth↔in	wall↔in
wall sth↔off	wall↔off
wall sth↔up	wall↔up
wallop sb/sth	wallop
wallow (in sth)	wallow	in
wallow in sth	wallow	in
wallpaper (sth)	wallpaper
waltz (through sth)	waltz	through
waltz adv./prep.	waltz	adv	prep
waltz off (with sth/sb)	waltz	off	with
waltz sb + adv./prep.	waltz	adv	prep
wander adv./prep.	wander	adv	prep
wander away, back, to, etc. sth	wander	away	back	to	etc
wander away/off	wander	away	off
wander from/off sth	wander	from	off
wander sth	wander
wangle sb sth	wangle
wangle sth	wangle
wangle sth from/out of sb	wangle	from	out	of
want (to do sth)	want	to	do
want doing sth	want	doing
want for sth	want	for
want in/into sth	want	in	into
want in/out	want	in	out
want of sth	want	of
want out of sth	want	out	of
want rid of sb/sth	want	rid	of
want sb	want
want sb (+ adv./prep.)	want	adv	prep
want sb/sth + adj.	want	adj
want sb/sth doing sth	want	doing
want sb/sth to do sth	want	to	do
want sth	want
want sth from/out of sth/sb	want	from	out	of
want to be/have sth	want	to	be	have
want to do sth	want	to	do
wanting (in sth)	wanting	in
war (against/on sb/sth)	war	against	on
warble (sth)	warble
ward sb/sth↔off	ward	sb↔off
warm (sb)	warm
warm (up)	warm	up
warm sb/sth↔up	warm	sb↔up
warm sth/sb/yourself (up)	warm	yourself	up
warm sth↔up	warm↔up
warm the cockles (of sb's heart)	warm	the	cockles	of	sbs	heart
warm to/towards sb	warm	to	towards
warm to/towards sth	warm	to	towards
warn (sb) + speech	warn	speech
warn (sb) about/against sb/sth	warn	about	against
warn (sb) against/about sth	warn	against	about
warn (sb) of sth	warn	of
warn (sb) that…	warn	that
warn doing sth	warn	doing
warn sb	warn
warn sb (for sth)	warn	for
warn sb (to do sth)	warn	to	do
warn sb off (sth)	warn	off
warn sb what, how, etc…	warn	what	how
warp (sth)	warp
warp sth	warp
warrant (for sth)	warrant	for
warrant (for sth/for doing sth)	warrant	for	for	doing
warrant (sb/sth) doing sth	warrant	doing
warrant for sth	warrant	for
warrant sth	warrant
warrant to do sth	warrant	to	do
wary (of doing sth)	wary	of	doing
wary (of sb/sth)	wary	of
was/is/does, etc. sb ever!	was	is	does	etc	ever!
wash adv./prep.	wash	adv	prep
wash over sb	wash	over
wash sb/sth↔away	wash	sb↔away
wash sth from sth	wash	from
wash sth/sb	wash
wash sth/sb + adj.	wash	adj
wash sth/sb + adv./prep.	wash	adv	prep
wash sth↔down (with sth)	wash↔down	with
wash sth↔off (sth)	wash↔off
wash sth↔out	wash↔out
wash sth↔up	wash↔up
wash your hands of sb/sth	wash	your	hands	of
wastage (of sth)	wastage	of
waste (of sth)	waste	of
waste sb	waste
waste sb/sth	waste
waste sb/sth as sth	waste	as
waste sth	waste
waste sth (in) doing sth	waste	in	doing
waste sth (on sb/sth)	waste	on
waste sth on sth	waste	on
wasteful of sth	wasteful	of
watch (for sth)	watch	for
watch for sb/sth	watch	for
watch out for sb/sth	watch	out	for
watch over sb/sth	watch	over
watch sb/sth	watch
watch sb/sth (for sb)	watch	for
watch sb/sth do sth	watch	do
watch sb/sth doing sth	watch	doing
watch sth for sth	watch	for
watch sth/yourself	watch	yourself
watch what, how, etc…	watch	what	how
watch where, what, etc…	watch	where	what
watch your mouth/tongue	watch	your	mouth	tongue
water sth	water
water sth↔down	water↔down
waterproof sth	waterproof
watershed (in sth)	watershed	in
wave adv./prep.	wave	adv	prep
wave at/to sb	wave	at	to
wave sb sth	wave
wave sb↔off	wave	sb↔off
wave sth	wave
wave sth (about/around)	wave	about	around
wave sth + adv./prep.	wave	adv	prep
wave sth at sb	wave	at
wave sth to sb	wave	to
wave sth/sb + adv./prep.	wave	adv	prep
wave sth/sb↔down	wave	sb↔down
wave sth↔aside/away	wave↔aside	away
waver (between A and B)	waver	between	A	and	B
waver (on/over sth)	waver	on	over
wax sth	wax
way (from…) (to…)	way	from	to
way (that…)	way	that
way back (in…)	way	back	in
way of doing sth	way	of	doing
way to do sth	way	to	do
waylay sb	waylay
weak in sth	weak	in
weaken (sb/sth)	weaken
weaken (sth)	weaken
weaken sth	weaken
weakness (for sth/sb)	weakness	for
wealth of sth	wealth	of
wean sb off/from sth	wean	off	from
wean sb on sth	wean	on
wean sb/sth (off/from sth)	wean	off	from
weaponize sth	weaponize
wear sb/sth↔down	wear	sb↔down
wear sth	wear
wear sth + adj.	wear	adj
wear sth + adv./prep.	wear	adv	prep
wear sth↔away	wear↔away
wear sth↔down	wear↔down
wear sth↔out	wear↔out
wear yourself/sb out	wear	yourself	out
wear, put on, etc. sackcloth and ashes	wear	put	on	etc	sackcloth	and	ashes
weary of sth/of doing sth	weary	of	of	doing
weary sb	weary
weasel out (of sth)	weasel	out	of
weather sth	weather
weatherize sth	weatherize
weave (sth into) sth	weave	into
weave (sth)	weave
weave A (out of/from B)	weave	A	out	of	from	B
weave A from B	weave	A	from	B
weave a spell (over sb)	weave	a	spell	over
weave adv./prep.	weave	adv	prep
weave B (into A)	weave	B	into	A
weave sth together	weave	together
wed sb	wed
wedded (to sth)	wedded	to
wedded to sth	wedded	to
wedge sth (+ adj.)	wedge	adj
wedge sth + adv./prep.	wedge	adv	prep
weed (sth)	weed
weed sth/sb↔out	weed	sb↔out
weekend adv./prep.	weekend	adv	prep
weep at/over sth	weep	at	over
weep for/with sth	weep	for	with
weep sth	weep
weep to do sth	weep	to	do
weigh (up) sth against sth	weigh	up	against
weigh (with sb) (against sb/sth)	weigh	with	against
weigh in (at sth)	weigh	in	at
weigh in (with sth)	weigh	in	with
weigh on sb/sth	weigh	on
weigh sb/sth/yourself	weigh	yourself
weigh sb/sth↔down	weigh	sb↔down
weigh sb↔down	weigh	sb↔down
weigh sb↔up	weigh	sb↔up
weigh sth (up)	weigh	up
weigh sth↔out	weigh↔out
weight (of sth)	weight	of
weight sth	weight
weight sth (down) (with sth)	weight	down	with
weighted against sb/sth	weighted	against
weighted in favour of sb/sth	weighted	in	favour	of
weighted towards sb/sth	weighted	towards
weird sb out	weird	out
welcome (sb)	welcome
welcome sb	welcome
welcome sb to sth	welcome	to
welcome sth	welcome
welcome to do sth	welcome	to	do
welcome to sth	welcome	to
weld (sth)	weld
weld A (on) (to B)	weld	A	on	to	B
weld A and B (together)	weld	A	and	B	together
weld sb/sth into sth	weld	into
weld sth together	weld	together
well (up)	well	up
well advised (to do sth)	well	advised	to	do
well disposed (towards/to sb/sth)	well	disposed	towards	to
well grounded in sth	well	grounded	in
well I never (did)!	well	I	never	did!
well in (with sb)	well	in	with
Well, I never (did)!	Well	I	never	did!
welly sth (+ adv./prep.)	welly	adv	prep
welsh (on sb/sth)	welsh	on
welter of sth	welter	of
were sb/it to do sth…	were	it	to	do
westernize sth	westernize
wet sth	wet
wet the/your bed	wet	the	your	bed
wet your pants/knickers	wet	your	pants	knickers
whack sb	whack
whack sb/sth	whack
whack sth + adv./prep.	whack	adv	prep
what (else) do you expect?	what	else	do	you	expect?
what about…?	what	about?
what are you, etc. on?	what	are	you	etc	on?
what are you, was he, etc. getting at?	what	are	you	was	he	etc	getting	at?
what became, has become, will become of sb/sth?	what	became	has	become	will	become	of	sb?
What do I, you, etc. care?	What	do	I	you	etc	care?
what do you do for sth?	what	do	you	do	for?
what do/would you say (to sth/doing sth)	what	do	would	you	say	to	doing
what does… know?	what	does	know?
what has got into sb?	what	has	got	into	sb?
what if…?	what	if?
what is sb like?	what	is	like?
what is sb playing at?	what	is	playing	at?
what is sb/sth doing…?	what	is	doing?
what makes sb tick	what	makes	tick
what manner of…	what	manner	of
what planet is sb on?	what	planet	is	on?
what price…?	what	price?
what sb is driving at	what	is	driving	at
what sb is made of	what	is	made	of
what the eye doesn't see (the heart doesn't grieve over)	what	the	eye	doesnt	see	the	heart	doesnt	grieve	over
what with sth	what	with
what-d'you-call-him/-her/-it/-them	whatdyoucallhim	her	it	them
what, where, who, why, etc. the devil…	what	where	who	why	etc	the	devil
what's eating him, etc.?	whats	eating	him	etc?
what's his/her face	whats	his	her	face
what's sb's/your game?	whats	sbs	your	game?
what's the betting…?	whats	the	betting?
what's the use (of doing sth)?	whats	the	use	of	doing?
what's with sb?	whats	with	sb?
what's with sth?	whats	with?
what's-his/-her/-its/-their-name	whatshis	her	its	theirname
what's… in aid of?	whats	in	aid	of?
what/whatever sb	what	whatever
what/whatever sb like	what	whatever	like
what/whatever sb says, goes	what	whatever	says	goes
what/where/who the blazes…?	what	where	who	the	blazes?
wheedle sb into doing sth	wheedle	into	doing
wheedle sth (out of sb)	wheedle	out	of
wheel (of sth)	wheel	of
wheel adv./prep.	wheel	adv	prep
wheel sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	wheel	adv	prep
wheel sth (+ adv./prep.)	wheel	adv	prep
wheel sth↔out	wheel↔out
whelp (sth)	whelp
when he's, it's, etc. at home	when	hes	its	etc	at	home
when in Rome (do as the Romans do)	when	in	Rome	do	as	the	Romans	do
when it comes to sth/to doing sth	when	it	comes	to	to	doing
when the going gets tough (the tough get going)	when	the	going	gets	tough	the	tough	get	going
when you've seen, heard, etc. one, you've seen, heard, etc. them all	when	youve	seen	heard	etc	one	youve	seen	heard	etc	them	all
where does sb go from here?	where	does	go	from	here?
where sb is coming from	where	is	coming	from
where there's life (, there's hope)	where	theres	life		theres	hope
wherewithal (to do sth)	wherewithal	to	do
whet sth	whet
whiff (of sth)	whiff	of
while sth↔away	while↔away
while you're/I'm etc. at it	while	youre	Im	etc	at	it
whine that…	whine	that
whinge (about sb/sth)	whinge	about
whip adv./prep.	whip	adv	prep
whip sb/sth	whip
whip sb/sth↔up	whip	sb↔up
whip sth	whip
whip sth + adv./prep.	whip	adv	prep
whip sth up	whip	up
whip through sth	whip	through
whirl adv./prep.	whirl	adv	prep
whirl sb/sth (+ adv./prep.)	whirl	adv	prep
whisk sb/sth + adv./prep.	whisk	adv	prep
whisk sth	whisk
whisper (to sb) that…	whisper	to	that
whisper about sth	whisper	about
whisper adv./prep.	whisper	adv	prep
whisper sth (to sb)	whisper	to
whisper that…	whisper	that
whistle (sth)	whistle
whistle adv./prep.	whistle	adv	prep
whistle at sb/sth	whistle	at
whistle to sb/sth	whistle	to
whiten sth	whiten
whitewash sb/sth	whitewash
whitewash sth	whitewash
whittle A (from B)	whittle	A	from	B
whittle B (into A)	whittle	B	into	A
whittle sth↔away	whittle↔away
whittle sth↔down	whittle↔down
whizz adv./prep.	whizz	adv	prep
who am I, who are you, etc. to do sth?	who	am	I	who	are	you	etc	to	do?
who can say (…)?	who	can	say	?
who says (…)?	who	says	?
who's to say (…)?	whos	to	say	?
whoosh adv./prep.	whoosh	adv	prep
whup sb/sth	whup
wick sth (away)	wick	away
wide (of sth)	wide	of
widen into sth	widen	into
widen sth	widen
wield sth	wield
wiggle sth	wiggle
wild about sb/sth	wild	about
wild horses would not drag, make, etc. sb (do sth)	wild	horses	would	not	drag	make	etc	do
will sb sth	will
will sb/sth to do sth	will	to	do
will sth	will
will sth (to sb)	will	to
will that…	will	that
will/would not	will	would	not
will/would not go (in/into sth)	will	would	not	go	in	into
willing (to do sth)	willing	to	do
wilt (sth)	wilt
wimp out (of sth)	wimp	out	of
win (sth) hands down	win	hands	down
win against sb/sth	win	against
win at sth	win	at
win out/through	win	out	through
win sb's heart	win	sbs	heart
win sb↔around/over/round (to sth)	win	sb↔around	over	round	to
win sth	win
win sth from sb	win	from
win sth/sb↔back	win	sb↔back
win yourself/sb sth	win	yourself
win/earn your spurs	win	earn	your	spurs
wince (at sth)	wince	at
winch sb/sth + adv./prep.	winch	adv	prep
wind adv./prep.	wind	adv	prep
wind doing sth	wind	doing
wind forward/back	wind	forward	back
wind sb	wind
wind sb↔up	wind	sb↔up
wind sth	wind
wind sth (up)	wind	up
wind sth + adv./prep.	wind	adv	prep
wind sth forward/back	wind	forward	back
wind sth↔down	wind↔down
wind sth↔up	wind↔up
window on/into sth	window	on	into
wine and dine (sb)	wine	and	dine
wink (at sb)	wink	at
wink at sth	wink	at
winkle sth out of sb	winkle	out	of
winkle sth/sb↔out (of sth)	winkle	sb↔out	of
winnow sb/sth out (of sth)	winnow	out	of
winnow sth	winnow
winter adv./prep.	winter	adv	prep
wipe sb/sth off the face of the earth	wipe	off	the	face	of	the	earth
wipe sb/sth↔out	wipe	sb↔out
wipe sb↔out	wipe	sb↔out
wipe sth	wipe
wipe sth (from/off sth)	wipe	from	off
wipe sth (on sth)	wipe	on
wipe sth + adj.	wipe	adj
wipe sth away/off/up	wipe	away	off	up
wipe sth from sth	wipe	from
wipe sth off (sth)	wipe	off
wipe sth off sth	wipe	off
wipe sth off the map	wipe	off	the	map
wipe sth out	wipe	out
wipe sth with sth	wipe	with
wipe sth↔down	wipe↔down
wipe/mop the floor with sb	wipe	mop	the	floor	with
wire sb (sth)	wire
wire sb sth	wire
wire sb/sth to sth	wire	to
wire sb/sth up (to sth)	wire	up	to
wire sth	wire
wire sth (for sth)	wire	for
wire sth (to sb)	wire	to
wire sth (up)	wire	up
wiretap sth	wiretap
wisdom of sth/of doing sth	wisdom	of	of	doing
wise up (to sth)	wise	up	to
wish (for sth)	wish	for
wish (that) sb/sth	wish	that
wish (that) sb/sth would	wish	that	would
wish (that)…	wish	that
wish (to do sth)	wish	to	do
wish for sth	wish	for
wish sb sth	wish
wish sb/sth on sb	wish	on
wish sb/sth to do sth	wish	to	do
wish sb/sth/yourself + adj.	wish	yourself	adj
wish sb/sth/yourself + adv./prep.	wish	yourself	adv	prep
wish sth away	wish	away
wish that…	wish	that
wish to do sth	wish	to	do
wisp (of sth)	wisp	of
wit to do sth	wit	to	do
with (a) bad grace	with	a	bad	grace
with (a) good grace	with	a	good	grace
with a capital A, B, etc.	with	a	capital	A	B	etc
with a view to sth/to doing sth	with	a	view	to	to	doing
with all your heart/your whole heart	with	all	your	heart	your	whole	heart
with an eye for/on/to the main chance	with	an	eye	for	on	to	the	main	chance
with an eye to sth/to doing sth	with	an	eye	to	to	doing
with effect from…	with	effect	from
with respect to sth	with	respect	to
with the best (of them)	with	the	best	of	them
with your eyes shut/closed	with	your	eyes	shut	closed
with your/sb's name on it	with	your	sbs	name	on	it
withdraw (from sth)	withdraw	from
withdraw (from sth) (into sth/yourself)	withdraw	from	into	yourself
withdraw (sb/sth) (from sth)	withdraw	from
withdraw sb/sth (from sth)	withdraw	from
withdraw sth	withdraw
withdraw sth (from sth)	withdraw	from
withdraw sth from sth	withdraw	from
wither (away)	wither	away
wither (sth)	wither
withhold sth (from sb/sth)	withhold	from
within (easy) reach (of sth)	within	easy	reach	of
within (the) sound of sth	within	the	sound	of
within an ace of sth/of doing sth	within	an	ace	of	of	doing
within an inch of sth/of doing sth	within	an	inch	of	of	doing
within cooee (of)	within	cooee	of
within earshot (of sb/sth)	within	earshot	of
within spitting distance (of sth)	within	spitting	distance	of
within striking distance (of sth)	within	striking	distance	of
within/in living memory	within	in	living	memory
within/outside the purview of sth	within	outside	the	purview	of
without detriment (to sb/sth)	without	detriment	to
without doing sth	without	doing
without further/more ado	without	further	more	ado
without prejudice (to sth)	without	prejudice	to
without sb doing sth	without	doing
without/beyond doubt	without	beyond	doubt
withstand sth	withstand
witness (to sth)	witness	to
witness sth	witness
witness to sth	witness	to
witter (on) (about sth)	witter	on	about
wobble adv./prep.	wobble	adv	prep
wobble sth	wobble
wodge (of sth)	wodge	of
woe betide sb	woe	betide
woe to sb	woe	to
wolf sth (down)	wolf	down
wolf-whistle (sb)	wolfwhistle
wonder (about sth)	wonder	about
wonder (at sth)	wonder	at
wonder (that)…	wonder	that
wonder if, whether…	wonder	if	whether
wonder who, where, etc…	wonder	who	where
wont (to do sth)	wont	to	do
woo sb	woo
word sth	word
work (on sth)	work	on
work adv./prep.	work	adv	prep
work against sb	work	against
work around/round to sth/sb	work	around	round	to
work as sth	work	as
work at sth	work	at
work for sb/sth	work	for
work for sth	work	for
work in sb's favour	work	in	sbs	favour
work in sth	work	in
work in/with sth	work	in	with
work it/things	work	it	things
work on sb	work	on
work on sb/sth	work	on
work on sth	work	on
work out (at sth)	work	out	at
work sb/yourself up (into sth)	work	yourself	up	into
work sb↔out	work	sb↔out
work sb↔over	work	sb↔over
work sth	work
work sth in	work	in
work sth into sth	work	into
work sth up into sth	work	up	into
work sth↔off	work↔off
work sth↔out	work↔out
work sth↔up	work↔up
work to do sth	work	to	do
work to sth	work	to
work towards sth	work	towards
work up to sth	work	up	to
work what, where, etc…	work	what	where
work with sb/sth	work	with
work your way through college, round the world, etc.	work	your	way	through	college	round	the	world	etc
work your way through sth	work	your	way	through
work yourself/sb + adv./prep.	work	yourself	adv	prep
work yourself/sth + adj.	work	yourself	adj
work/perform miracles	work	perform	miracles
worked up (about sth)	worked	up	about
working (of sth)	working	of
working party (on sth)	working	party	on
working/firing on all cylinders	working	firing	on	all	cylinders
worm sth	worm
worm sth out of sb	worm	out	of
worm your way/yourself into sth	worm	your	way	yourself	into
worried (that…)	worried	that
worried about sb/sth	worried	about
worried by sth	worried	by
worry (about/over sth)	worry	about	over
worry (for/to sb)	worry	for	to
worry (that)…	worry	that
worry about sb/sth	worry	about
worry at sth	worry	at
worry over sb/sth	worry	over
worry sb	worry
worry sb with sth	worry	with
worry sb/yourself (about sb/sth)	worry	yourself	about
worry sb/yourself + adj. (about sb/sth)	worry	yourself	adj	about
worry sth	worry
worse (than sth)	worse	than
worse (than sth/doing sth)	worse	than	doing
worse than doing sth	worse	than	doing
worse than sth	worse	than
worsen sth	worsen
worship sb/sth	worship
worst sb	worst
worth doing sth	worth	doing
worth sb's while	worth	sbs	while
worth sth	worth
worth sth/doing sth	worth	doing
worth your/its salt	worth	your	its	salt
worth your/its weight in gold	worth	your	its	weight	in	gold
worthwhile doing sth	worthwhile	doing
worthwhile for sb to do sth	worthwhile	for	to	do
worthwhile to do sth	worthwhile	to	do
worthy (of sb/sth)	worthy	of
worthy of sb/sth	worthy	of
would rather… (than)	would	rather	than
would that…	would	that
would you believe (it)?	would	you	believe	it?
Would you care for sth?	Would	you	care	for?
Would you care to do sth?	Would	you	care	to	do?
wound sb	wound
wound sb/sth	wound
wow sb (with sth)	wow	with
wrangle (between A and B)	wrangle	between	A	and	B
wrangle (with sb) (over/about sth)	wrangle	with	over	about
wrangle (with sb)(over sth)	wrangle	with	sbover
wrap (around/round)	wrap	around	round
wrap A (up) in B	wrap	A	up	in	B
wrap B round/around A	wrap	B	round	around	A
wrap sb/yourself up	wrap	yourself	up
wrap sth (around/round)	wrap	around	round
wrap sth (up) (in sth)	wrap	up	in
wrap sth around/round sth/sb	wrap	around	round
wrap sth↔up	wrap↔up
wreak sth (on sb)	wreak	on
wreathe adv./prep.	wreathe	adv	prep
wreathe sth (in/with sth)	wreathe	in	with
wreck sth	wreck
wreck sth (for sb)	wreck	for
wrench (sth) (from sb)	wrench	from
wrench (sth/sb/yourself) + adj.	wrench	yourself	adj
wrench (sth/sb/yourself) + adv./prep.	wrench	yourself	adv	prep
wrench at sth	wrench	at
wrench sth	wrench
wrest sth from sb/sth	wrest	from
wrestle (with) sth	wrestle	with
wrestle sb (+ adv./prep.)	wrestle	adv	prep
wrestle to do sth	wrestle	to	do
wrestle with sb	wrestle	with
wriggle (about/around)	wriggle	about	around
wriggle adv./prep.	wriggle	adv	prep
wriggle out of sth/out of doing sth	wriggle	out	of	out	of	doing
wriggle sth	wriggle
wring sb's hand	wring	sbs	hand
wring sb's neck	wring	sbs	neck
wring sth	wring
wring sth (out)	wring	out
wring sth from/out of sb	wring	from	out	of
wrinkle (sth)	wrinkle
wrinkle (up)	wrinkle	up
wrinkle sth (up)	wrinkle	up
writ (for sth) (against sb)	writ	for	against
write (about sth)	write	about
write (sth) to/onto sth	write	to	onto
write back (to sb)	write	back	to
write doing sth	write	doing
write in (to sb/sth) (for sth)	write	in	to	for
write in/on/with sth	write	in	on	with
write of sth	write	of
write off/away (to sb/sth) (for sth)	write	off	away	to	for
write sb	write
write sb (out) sth	write	out
write sb sth	write
write sb that…	write	that
write sb/sth↔in	write	sb↔in
write sb/sth↔off (as sth)	write	sb↔off	as
write sb↔out (of sth)	write	sb↔out	of
write sth	write
write sth (out)	write	out
write sth (to sb)	write	to
write sth about/on sth	write	about	on
write sth into sth	write	into
write sth↔down	write↔down
write sth↔off	write↔off
write sth↔out	write↔out
write sth↔up	write↔up
write that…	write	that
write to sb	write	to
write-off (of sth)	writeoff	of
write-protect sth	writeprotect
writhe (about/around) (in/with sth)	writhe	about	around	in	with
wrong (about sth/sb)	wrong	about
wrong (of/for sb) (to do sth)	wrong	of	for	to	do
wrong (sth to do)	wrong	to	do
wrong (sth) (for sth)	wrong	for
wrong (to do sth)	wrong	to	do
wrong sb	wrong
wrong that…	wrong	that
wrong with sb/sth	wrong	with
wrong with sth/with doing sth	wrong	with	with	doing
wrong-foot sb	wrongfoot
wrought sth	wrought
X-ray sth	Xray
xerox sth	xerox
yank adv./prep.	yank	adv	prep
yank sth/sb (+ adv./prep.)	yank	adv	prep
yank sth/sb + adj.	yank	adj
yap (at sb/sth)	yap	at
Yeager, Charles (Chuck)	Yeager	Charles	Chuck
yearn (for sth/sb)	yearn	for
yearn to do sth	yearn	to	do
yearning (for sb/sth)	yearning	for
yearning (to do sth)	yearning	to	do
yell (at sb/sth)	yell	at
yell at sb to do sth	yell	at	to	do
yell out (in sth)	yell	out	in
yell out sth	yell	out
yell sth (at sb/sth)	yell	at
yell with sth	yell	with
yellow (sth)	yellow
yen (for sth/to do sth)	yen	for	to	do
yield (to sb/sth)	yield	to
yield sth	yield
yield sth/sb (up) (to sb)	yield	up	to
yield to sth	yield	to
yield to sth/sb	yield	to
yo-yo adv./prep.	yoyo	adv	prep
yodel (sth)	yodel
yoke A and B together	yoke	A	and	B	together
yoke sth to sth	yoke	to
yomp adv./prep.	yomp	adv	prep
you can bet your life/your bottom dollar (on sth/(that)…)	you	can	bet	your	life	your	bottom	dollar	on	that
you can lead/take a horse to water, but you can't make it drink	you	can	lead	take	a	horse	to	water	but	you	cant	make	it	drink
you can't get away from sth	you	cant	get	away	from
you can't go wrong (with sth)	you	cant	go	wrong	with
you can't say fairer (than that)	you	cant	say	fairer	than	that
you can/can't talk	you	can	cant	talk
you can/could do worse than do sth	you	can	could	do	worse	than	do
you cannot/could not but…	you	cannot	could	not	but
you have no idea…	you	have	no	idea
you have/you've got to laugh	you	have	youve	got	to	laugh
you know something/what?	you	know	something	what?
you know who/what	you	know	who	what
you, etc. can stuff sth	you	etc	can	stuff
you, etc. should be so lucky	you	etc	should	be	so	lucky
you, he, etc. can't win	you	he	etc	cant	win
you, he, she, etc. started it	you	he	she	etc	started	it
you've made your bed and you must lie in/on it	youve	made	your	bed	and	you	must	lie	in	on	it
you/you'd better believe it!	you	youd	better	believe	it!
Young, Andrew (Jackson) Jr	Young	Andrew	Jackson	Jr
your (own) flesh and blood	your	own	flesh	and	blood
your fill (of sth/sb)	your	fill	of
your heart goes out to sb	your	heart	goes	out	to
your heart is not in sth	your	heart	is	not	in
your/sb's luck is in	your	sbs	luck	is	in
your/the last gasp	your	the	last	gasp
yours ever/ever yours	yours	ever	ever	yours
yuppify sth	yuppify
zap (sb/sth) + adv./prep.	zap	adv	prep
zap (sth)	zap
zap adv./prep.	zap	adv	prep
zap sb/sth	zap
zap sb/sth with sth	zap	with
zeal (for/in sth)	zeal	for	in
zero in on sb/sth	zero	in	on
zero sth	zero
zest (for sth)	zest	for
zigzag adv./prep.	zigzag	adv	prep
zing (sth) + adv./prep.	zing	adv	prep
zing sb/sth (for/on sth)	zing	for	on
zip (sth) + adv./prep.	zip	adv	prep
zip (up/together)	zip	up	together
zip sb/sth up	zip	up
zip sb/yourself into sth	zip	yourself	into
zip sth	zip
zip sth + adj.	zip	adj
zone sth	zone
zone sth (for sth)	zone	for
zonked (out)	zonked	out
zoom (up) (to…)	zoom	up	to
zoom adv./prep.	zoom	adv	prep
zoom in/out	zoom	in	out